Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Harry Potter  #6), authors: J.K. Rowling, Mary GrandPré
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Harry Potter  #5), authors: J.K. Rowling, Mary GrandPré
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Harry Potter  #2), authors: J.K. Rowling
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Harry Potter  #3), authors: J.K. Rowling, Mary GrandPré
Harry Potter Boxed Set  Books 1-5 (Harry Potter  #1-5), authors: J.K. Rowling, Mary GrandPré
Unauthorized Harry Potter Book Seven News: "Half-Blood Prince" Analysis and Speculation, authors: W. Frederick Zimmerman
Harry Potter Collection (Harry Potter  #1-6), authors: J.K. Rowling
The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #1-5), authors: Douglas Adams
The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #1-5), authors: Douglas Adams
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #1), authors: Douglas Adams
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #1), authors: Douglas Adams, Stephen Fry
The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #1-5), authors: Douglas Adams
A Short History of Nearly Everything, authors: Bill Bryson
Bill Bryson's African Diary, authors: Bill Bryson
Bryson's Dictionary of Troublesome Words: A Writer's Guide to Getting It Right, authors: Bill Bryson
In a Sunburned Country, authors: Bill Bryson
I'm a Stranger Here Myself: Notes on Returning to America After Twenty Years Away, authors: Bill Bryson
The Lost Continent: Travels in Small Town America, authors: Bill Bryson
Neither Here nor There: Travels in Europe, authors: Bill Bryson
Notes from a Small Island, authors: Bill Bryson
The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way, authors: Bill Bryson
J.R.R. Tolkien 4-Book Boxed Set: The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings (The Lord of the Rings  #1-3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Fellowship of the Ring (The Lord of the Rings  #1), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings (The Lord of the Rings  #1-3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Alan  Lee
The Lord of the Rings: Weapons and Warfare, authors: Chris   Smith, Christopher  Lee, Richard Taylor
The Lord of the Rings: Complete Visual Companion, authors: Jude Fisher
Agile Web Development with Rails: A Pragmatic Guide, authors: Dave Thomas, David Heinemeier Hansson, Leon Breedt, Mike Clark, Thomas  Fuchs, Andreas  Schwarz
Hatchet (Brian's Saga  #1), authors: Gary Paulsen
Hatchet: A Guide for Using "Hatchet" in the Classroom, authors: Donna Ickes, Edward Sciranko, Keith Vasconcelles
Guts: The True Stories behind Hatchet and the Brian Books, authors: Gary Paulsen
Molly Hatchet - 5 of the Best, authors: Molly Hatchet
Hatchet Jobs: Writings on Contemporary Fiction, authors: Dale Peck
A Changeling for All Seasons (Changeling Seasons #1), authors: Angela Knight, Sahara Kelly, Judy Mays, Marteeka Karland, Kate Douglas, Shelby Morgen, Lacey Savage, Kate Hill, Willa Okati
Changeling (Changeling  #1), authors: Delia Sherman
The Changeling Sea, authors: Patricia A. McKillip
The Changeling, authors: Zilpha Keatley Snyder
The Changeling, authors: Kate Horsley
The Changeling (Daughters of England  #15), authors: Philippa Carr
The Known World, authors: Edward P. Jones
The Known World, authors: Edward P. Jones, Kevin R. Free
The Known World, authors: Edward P. Jones
Traders  Guns & Money: Knowns and Unknowns in the Dazzling World of Derivatives, authors: Satyajit Das
Artesia: Adventures in the Known World, authors: Mark Smylie
The John McPhee Reader (John McPhee Reader  #1), authors: John McPhee, William Howarth
Uncommon Carriers, authors: John McPhee
Heirs of General Practice, authors: John McPhee
The Control of Nature, authors: John McPhee
Annals of the Former World, authors: John McPhee
Coming Into the Country, authors: John McPhee
La Place de la Concorde Suisse, authors: John McPhee
Giving Good Weight, authors: John McPhee
Rising from the Plains, authors: John McPhee
The Heidi Chronicles, authors: Wendy Wasserstein
The Heidi Chronicles: Uncommon Women and Others & Isn't It Romantic, authors: Wendy Wasserstein
Active Literacy Across the Curriculum: Strategies for Reading  Writing  Speaking  and Listening, authors: Heidi Hayes Jacobs
Simply Beautiful Beaded Jewelry, authors: Heidi Boyd
Always Enough: God's Miraculous Provision Among the Poorest Children on Earth, authors: Heidi Baker, Rolland Baker
Mapping the Big Picture: Integrating Curriculum & Assessment K-12, authors: Heidi Hayes Jacobs
Heidi (Heidi  #1-2), authors: Johanna Spyri, Beverly Cleary, Angelo  Rinaldi
Getting Results with Curriculum Mapping, authors: Heidi Hayes Jacobs
There's Always Enough: The Miraculous Move of God in Mozambique, authors: Rolland Baker, Heidi Baker
What to Expect the First Year (What to Expect), authors: Heidi Murkoff, Sharon Mazel, Arlene Eisenberg, Sandee Hathaway, Mark D. Widome
The Player's Handbook: The Ultimate Guide on Dating and Relationships, authors: Heidi Fleiss, Libby Keatinge
Simply Beautiful Beading: 53 Quick and Easy Projects, authors: Heidi Boyd
God Emperor of Dune (Dune Chronicles  #4), authors: Frank Herbert
Chapterhouse: Dune (Dune Chronicles #6), authors: Frank Herbert
Dune Messiah (Dune Chronicles #2), authors: Frank Herbert
Dreamer of Dune: The Biography of Frank Herbert, authors: Brian Herbert
Heretics of Dune (Dune Chronicles  #5), authors: Frank Herbert
The Road to Dune, authors: Frank Herbert, Brian Herbert, Kevin J. Anderson
Heretics of Dune (Dune Chronicles #5), authors: Frank Herbert
The Lord of the Rings: The Art of the Fellowship of the Ring, authors: Gary Russell
The Power of One (The Power of One  #1), authors: Bryce Courtenay
The Power of One (The Power of One  #1), authors: Bryce Courtenay
The Power of One: One Person  One Rule  One Month, authors: John C. Maxwell, Stephen R. Graves, Thomas G. Addington
Power of an Hour: Business and Life Mastery in One Hour a Week, authors: Dave Lakhani
The Power of One: The Solo Play for Playwrights  Actors  and Directors, authors: Louis E. Catron
How to Buy  Sell & Profit on eBay: Kick-Start Your Home-Based Business in Just Thirty Days, authors: Adam Ginsberg
eBay for Dummies, authors: Marsha Collier
What to Sell on ebay and Where to Get It: The Definitive Guide to Product Sourcing for eBay and Beyond, authors: Chris Malta, Lisa Suttora
Starting an eBay Business for Dummies, authors: Marsha Collier
eBay: Top 100 Simplified Tips & Tricks, authors: Julia Wilkinson
ebay Timesaving Techniques for Dummies, authors: Marsha Collier
eBay Business All-in-One Desk Reference for Dummies, authors: Marsha Collier
Ruby Cookbook, authors: Lucas Carlson, Leonard Richardson
Ruby Ann's Down Home Trailer Park Cookbook, authors: Ruby Ann Boxcar
Ruby Ann's Down Home Trailer Park BBQin' Cookbook, authors: Ruby Ann Boxcar
Rails Cookbook: Recipes for Rapid Web Development with Ruby, authors: Rob Orsini
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, David Magarshack, Priscilla Meyer
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky, John Bayley
CliffsNotes on Tolstoy's Anna Karenina, authors: Marianne Sturman, Leo Tolstoy
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Amy Mandelker, Constance Garnett
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Louise Maude, Aylmer Maude
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Constance Garnett, Amy Mandelker
Dinner with Anna Karenina, authors: Gloria Goldreich
Tolstoy: Anna Karenina, authors: Anthony Thorlby
Untouchable, authors: Mulk Raj Anand, E.M. Forster
The Untouchable, authors: John Banville
The Untouchables, authors: Eliot Ness, Oscar Fraley
Untouchables: My Family's Triumphant Journey Out of the Caste System in Modern India, authors: Narendra Jadhav
Dalit: The Black Untaouchables of India, authors: V.T. Rajshekar, Y.N. Kly
Growing Up Untouchable in India: A Dalit Autobiography, authors: Vasant Moon, Gail Omvedt, Eleanor Zelliot
The Evidence-Based Social Work Skills Book, authors: Barry R. Cournoyer
A Wrinkle in Time: A Guide for Using "A Wrinkle in Time" in the Classroom, authors: John Carratello, Patty Carratello, Theresa Wright
Wrinkles in Time, authors: George Smoot, Keay Davidson
A Wrinkle in Time: With Related Readings (A Wrinkle in Time Quintet #1), authors: Madeleine L'Engle
Literature Circle Guide: A Wrinkle in Time, authors: Tara MacCarthy
Una arruga en el tiempo – A Wrinkle in Time, authors: Madeleine L'Engle
The Long Shadow (The Morland Dynasty  #6), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
A Long Shadow (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #8), authors: Charles Todd
Long Way Round: Chasing Shadows Across the World, authors: Ewan McGregor, Charley Boorman, Robert Uhlig
A Shadow in Summer (Long Price Quartet  #1), authors: Daniel Abraham
New Hope for the Dead (Hoke Mosely #2), authors: Charles Willeford, James Lee Burke
Sideswipe: A Hoke Moseley Novel, authors: Charles Willeford, Lawrence Block
Miami Blues (Hoke Moseley #1), authors: Charles Willeford, Elmore Leonard
The Burnt Orange Heresy (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard), authors: Charles Willeford
I am Charlotte Simmons, authors: Tom Wolfe
Poetry for Young People: Edward Lear, authors: Edward Lear, Laura Huliska-Beith, Edward Mendelson
The Puffin Book of Nonsense Verse, authors: Quentin Blake
Henry Miller on Writing, authors: Henry Miller, Thomas H. Moore
Quiet Days in Clichy, authors: Henry Miller
Tropic of Cancer, authors: Henry Miller, Jiří Níl
Tropic of Capricorn, authors: Henry Miller
Nexus (The Rosy Crucifixion  #3), authors: Henry Miller
Sexus (The Rosy Crucifixion  #1), authors: Henry Miller
The Air-Conditioned Nightmare, authors: Henry Miller
The Portrait of a Lady, authors: Henry James, Patricia Crick
The Portrait of a Lady, authors: Henry James, Gabriel Brownstein, Mary Cregan
Writing, authors: Marguerite Duras
The War, authors: Marguerite Duras, Barbara Bray
The Ravishing of Lol Stein, authors: Marguerite Duras, Richard Seever
Love Letters, authors: Kahlil Gibran, Suheil Bushrui, Salma H. Al-Kuzbari
Kahlil Gibran: His Life and World, authors: Jean Gibran, جبران خليل جبران, Kahlil Gibran
The Beloved: Reflections on the Path of the Heart, authors: Kahlil Gibran, John Walbridge, Robin Waterfield
Jesus the Son of Man, authors: Kahlil Gibran, جبران خليل جبران
The Broken Wings, authors: Kahlil Gibran, جبران خليل جبران, Anthony Rizcallah Ferris
Sand and Foam, authors: Kahlil Gibran, جبران خليل جبران
Treasure Island, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson
Treasure Island, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, Scott McKowen
Treasure Island, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson
Treasure Island, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, N.C. Wyeth, Timothy Meis
Treasure Island, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, Milo Winter
Treasure Island (Great Illustrated Classics), authors: Deidre S. Laiken, A.J. McAllister, Robert Louis Stevenson
100 Years of Lynchings, authors: Ralph Ginzburg
Cien años de soledad, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
On Beyond Zebra!, authors: Dr. Seuss
The Wedding Clause, authors: Debbie Raleigh
The Zebra Wall, authors: Kevin Henkes
El perfume: Historia de un asesino, authors: Patrick Süskind
The Door Into Summer, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Stranger in a Strange Land, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
To Sail Beyond the Sunset, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Job: A Comedy of Justice, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Time for the Stars (Heinlein's Juveniles  #10), authors: Robert A. Heinlein
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul (Dirk Gently  #2), authors: Douglas Adams
The Salmon of Doubt (Dirk Gently  #3), authors: Douglas Adams
Wish You Were Here: The Official Biography of Douglas Adams, authors: Nick  Webb
Douglas Adams's Starship Titanic, authors: Terry Jones
Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time, authors: Douglas Adams, Christopher Cerf
The Phantom Tollbooth: A Children's Play in Two Acts, authors: Susan Nanus, Norton Juster
On Bullshit, authors: Harry G. Frankfurt
Another Bullshit Night in Suck City, authors: Nick Flynn
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America, authors: Garry Wills
The Gettysburg Address, authors: Abraham Lincoln, Michael McCurdy
Underworld, authors: Don DeLillo
Libra, authors: Don DeLillo
Americana, authors: Don DeLillo
Running Dog, authors: Don DeLillo
Cosmopolis, authors: Don DeLillo
Great Jones Street, authors: Don DeLillo
The Names, authors: Don DeLillo
Against the Day, authors: Thomas Pynchon
V., authors: Thomas Pynchon
The Crying of Lot 49, authors: Thomas Pynchon
Gravity's Rainbow, authors: Thomas Pynchon
Mason & Dixon, authors: Thomas Pynchon, Christophe Claro, Brice Matthieussent
Vineland, authors: Thomas Pynchon
Gravity's Rainbow, authors: Thomas Pynchon
Slow Learner: Early Stories, authors: Thomas Pynchon
Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up To Me, authors: Richard Fariña, Thomas Pynchon
The Year of Magical Thinking, authors: Joan Didion
The White Album, authors: Joan Didion
A Book of Common Prayer, authors: Joan Didion
Where I Was From, authors: Joan Didion
Slouching Towards Bethlehem, authors: Joan Didion
Democracy, authors: Joan Didion
We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live: Collected Nonfiction, authors: Joan Didion, John Leonard
Play It As It Lays, authors: Joan Didion, David Thomson
The New York Trilogy, authors: Paul Auster, Art Spiegelman, Luc Sante
City of Glass (The New York Trilogy  #1), authors: Paul Auster
Ghosts (The New York Trilogy  #2), authors: Paul Auster
The Locked Room (The New York Trilogy  #3), authors: Paul Auster
Pyramids of Montauk: Explorations in Consciousness, authors: Peter Moon, Preston B. Nichols, Nina Helms
The Brooklyn Follies, authors: Paul Auster
Moon Palace, authors: Paul Auster
The Music of Chance, authors: Paul Auster
Travels in the Scriptorium, authors: Paul Auster
Leviathan, authors: Paul Auster
The Red Notebook: True Stories, authors: Paul Auster
Timbuktu / Leviathan / Moon Palace, authors: Paul Auster
Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed, authors: Jared Diamond
The Coming Economic Collapse: How You Can Thrive When Oil Costs $200 a Barrel, authors: Stephen Leeb, Glen C. Strathy
Collapse of Complex Societies, authors: Joseph A. Tainter
Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community, authors: Robert D. Putnam
The Collapse of the Common Good: How America's Lawsuit Culture Undermines Our Freedom, authors: Philip K. Howard
Reinventing the Enemy's Language: Contemporary Native Women's Writings of North America, authors: Joy Harjo, Gloria Bird, Beth Cuthand, Valerie Martinez, Patricia Blanco
My Inventions, authors: Nikola Tesla
Wizard: The Life and Times of Nikola Tesla: Biography of a Genius, authors: Marc J.  Seifer, William H. Terbo
Nikola Tesla: A Spark of Genius, authors: Carol Dommermuth-Costa
Tesla Papers, authors: Nikola Tesla, David Hatcher Childress
Boys of Summer, authors: Julie Elizabeth Leto, Leslie Kelly, Kimberly Raye
Programming Ruby: The Pragmatic Programmers' Guide, authors: Dave Thomas, Chad Fowler, Andy Hunt
Golding's Lord of the Flies (Cliffs Notes), authors: Maureen Kelly, CliffsNotes, William Golding
Lord of the Flies, authors: William Golding
A War Like No Other: How the Athenians & Spartans Fought the Peloponnesian War, authors: Victor Davis Hanson
We Were Not Like Other People, authors: Ephraim Sevela, Antonina W. Bouis
The Lovely Bones, authors: Alice Sebold
The Lovely Bones, authors: Alice Sebold
Lovely in Her Bones (Elizabeth MacPherson  #2), authors: Sharyn McCrumb
The Zen of CSS Design: Visual Enlightenment for the Web, authors: Dave Shea, Molly E. Holzschlag
HTML  XHTML  and CSS (Visual Quickstart Guide), authors: Elizabeth Castro
1000 Record Covers, authors: Michael Ochs, Patrick Javault, Ulrike Wasel
Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story, authors: Chuck Klosterman
Sex  Drugs  and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto, authors: Chuck Klosterman
Vice (V  #8), authors: Jane Feather
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values (Phaedrus  #1), authors: Robert M. Pirsig
Once Upon a Cool Motorcycle Dude, authors: Kevin O'Malley, Carol Heyer, Scott Goto
Guidebook to Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, authors: Ronald L. DiSanto, Thomas J. Steele
Motorcycle Basics Techbook, authors: John Harold Haynes
LOGO Lounge: 2 000 International Identities by Leading Designers, authors: Catharine M. Fishel, Bill Gardner
The Death of Ivan Ilych And Other Stories, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Hugh McLean
War and Peace, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Henry Gifford, Aylmer Maude, Louise Maude
The Kingdom of God Is Within You, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Constance Garnett
Atlas Shrugged, authors: Ayn Rand, Leonard Peikoff
For the New Intellectual: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand, authors: Ayn Rand
The Fountainhead, authors: Ayn Rand
The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism, authors: Ayn Rand, Nathaniel Branden
Anthem, authors: Ayn Rand
We the Living, authors: Ayn Rand, Leonard Peikoff
Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal, authors: Ayn Rand, Nathaniel Branden, Alan Greenspan, Robert Hessen
Letters of Ayn Rand, authors: Ayn Rand, Michael S. Berliner, Leonard Peikoff
Sailing for Dummies, authors: J.J. Isler, Peter Isler
Sailing from Byzantium: How a Lost Empire Shaped the World, authors: Colin  Wells
Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems, authors: Billy Collins
The Greatest Sailing Stories Ever Told: Twenty-Seven Unforgettable Stories, authors: Christopher Caswell
Natural Cures "They" Don't Want You to Know about, authors: Kevin Trudeau
The Natural, authors: Bernard Malamud, Kevin Baker
Digging to America, authors: Anne Tyler
Rereading America: Cultural Contexts for Critical Thinking and Writing, authors: Gary Colombo, Bonnie Lisle
Modern Latin America, authors: Thomas E. Skidmore, Peter H. Smith
The Plot Against America, authors: Philip Roth
Naked Pictures of Famous People, authors: Jon   Stewart
Collected Stories, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa, J.S. Bernstein
Crónica de una muerte anunciada, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Cien años de soledad, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Del amor y otros demonios, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Living to Tell the Tale, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Edith Grossman
Memoria de mis putas tristes, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
The Elegant Universe: Superstrings  Hidden Dimensions  and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory, authors: Brian Greene
Pure and Simple: The Extraordinary Teachings of a Thai Buddhist Laywoman, authors: Upasika Kee Nanayon, Thanissaro Bhikkhu
The Mini Rough Guide to London, authors: Rob Humphreys, Beth Chaplin, Rebecca Morrill
Best of London (Lonely Planet Best Of), authors: Lonely Planet, Sarah Johnstone, Steve Fallon
Lonely Planet Londres, authors: Lonely Planet, Sarah Johnstone, Tom Masters
Out to Eat London 2002 (Lonely Planet Out to Eat), authors: Lonely Planet, Mark Honan
Three Nights in August: Strategy  Heartbreak  and Joy Inside the Mind of a Manager, authors: H.G. Bissinger
Cryptonomicon, authors: Neal Stephenson
Le Réseau Kinakuta (Cryptonomicon  #2), authors: Neal Stephenson
The Confusion (The Baroque Cycle  #2), authors: Neal Stephenson
Quicksilver (The Baroque Cycle  #1), authors: Neal Stephenson
The Cobweb, authors: Neal Stephenson, J. Frederick George
The Big U, authors: Neal Stephenson
The Diamond Age: Or  A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer, authors: Neal Stephenson, Pedro Jorge Romero
Interface, authors: Neal Stephenson, George F. Jewsbury, Stephen  Bury
Odalisque (The Baroque Cycle  Vol. 1  Book 3), authors: Neal Stephenson
Snow Crash, authors: Neal Stephenson, Guy Abadia
Harrington on Hold 'em: Expert Strategy for No-Limit Tournaments  Volume II: The Endgame, authors: Dan Harrington, Bill Robertie
Harrington on Hold 'em: Expert Strategy for No-Limit Tournaments  Volume I: Strategic Play, authors: Dan Harrington, Bill Robertie
The Design of Everyday Things, authors: Donald A. Norman
Emotional Design: Why We Love (or Hate) Everyday Things, authors: Donald A. Norman
The Psychology of Everyday Things, authors: Donald A. Norman
No Price Too High: A Pentecostal Preacher Becomes Catholic - The Inspirational Story of Alex Jones as Told to Diane Hanson, authors: Alex C. Jones, Diane M. Hanson, Stephen K. Ray
The Alchemist, authors: Paulo Coelho, Alan R. Clarke, James Noel Smith
The Alchemist, authors: Paulo Coelho, Alan R. Clarke, Özdemir İnce
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 9 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #9), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 3 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #3), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 8 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #8), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 1 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #1), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 4 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #4), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
The Illustrated Alchemist: A Fable about Following Your Dream, authors: Paulo Coelho, Alan R. Clarke, Mœbius
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 2 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #2), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Pompeii, authors: Robert   Harris
The Last Days of Pompeii, authors: Edward Bulwer-Lytton, John Gregory Betancourt
Of Mice and Men, authors: John Steinbeck
The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists, authors: Neil Strauss
The Westing Game, authors: Ellen Raskin
The Egypt Game, authors: Zilpha Keatley Snyder
Memoirs of a Geisha, authors: Arthur Golden
Memoirs of a Geisha, authors: Arthur Golden
Memoirs of a Geisha, authors: Arthur Golden
Memoirs of a Geisha: A Portrait of the Film, authors: David        James, Peggy Mulloy, Rob Marshall, Arthur Golden
Memoirs of a Geisha, authors: Arthur Golden
Geisha of Gion, authors: Mineko Iwasaki, Rande Brown
Love As A Foreign Language #5, authors: J. Torres, Eric  Kim
Jungle Love, authors: Margaret Johnson, Philip Prowse
The 5 Love Languages / The 5 Love Languages Journal, authors: Gary Chapman
Angels & Demons (Robert Langdon  #1), authors: Dan Brown
Ángeles y demonios (Robert Langdon  #1), authors: Dan Brown
Angeles & Demonios, authors: Dan Brown, Raúl Amundaray
The Da Vinci Code (Robert Langdon  #2), authors: Dan Brown
The Da Vinci Code, authors: Dan Brown
Da Vinci Code (Robert Langdon  #2), authors: Dan Brown, Daniel Roche
Deception Point, authors: Dan Brown
Deception Point, authors: Dan Brown
Deception Point, authors: Dan Brown
A Killing Rain (Louis Kincaid  #6), authors: P.J. Parrish
The Millionaire Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy, authors: Thomas J. Stanley, William D. Danko
Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century, authors: Napoleon Hill
Think and Grow Rich, authors: Napoleon Hill
Pragmatic Version Control: Using Subversion (The Pragmatic Starter Kit Series), authors: Mike   Mason
Read My Lips: Sexual Subversion and the End of Gender, authors: Riki Anne Wilchins
Trump: The Art of the Deal, authors: Donald J. Trump, Tony Schwartz
The Richest Man in Babylon, authors: George S. Clason
The Richest Man in Babylon, authors: George S. Clason
Shibumi, authors: Trevanian, Gisela Stege
1776, authors: David McCullough
1776, authors: Peter  Stone, Sherman Edwards
The Crescent Obscured: The United States and the Muslim World  1776-1815, authors: Robert J. Allison
The Good Earth (House of Earth  #1), authors: Pearl S. Buck
Purpose Driven Life - For Commuters: What on Earth Am I Here For?, authors: Rick Warren
Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal, authors: Eric Schlosser
Fast Food Nation: What The All-American Meal is Doing to the World, authors: Eric Schlosser
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, authors: Lisa See
The Broker, authors: John Grisham
The Power Broker: Robert Moses and the Fall of New York, authors: Robert A. Caro
The Power Broker: A Novel (Christian Gillette  #3), authors: Stephen W. Frey
Body For Life: 12 Weeks to Mental and Physical Strength, authors: Bill Phillips, Michael D'Orso
Body for Life for Women: A Woman's Plan for Physical and Mental Transformation, authors: Pamela Peeke, Cindy Crawford
Eating for Life: Your Guide to Great Health  Fat Loss and Increased Energy!, authors: Bill Phillips
The Warren Buffett Way, authors: Robert G. Hagstrom, Bill Miller, Kenneth L. Fisher
The Warren Buffett CEO: Secrets from the Berkshire Hathaway Managers, authors: Robert P. Miles, Tom Osborne
Monkey Business: True Story of the Scopes Trial, authors: Marvin N. Olasky, John R. Perry
Junie B. Jones and a Little Monkey Business (Junie B. Jones  #2), authors: Barbara Park, Denise Brunkus
Monkey Business, authors: Sarah Mlynowski
Liar's Poker, authors: Michael   Lewis
Liar's Poker: A Harry Garnish Mystery, authors: Frank McConnell
Risotto: 30 Simply Delicious Vegetarian Recipes from an Italian Kitchen, authors: Ursula Ferrigno, Jason Lowe, Maxine  Clark
Giada's Family Dinners, authors: Giada De Laurentiis, Victoria Pearson
Everyday Italian: 125 Simple and Delicious Recipes, authors: Giada De Laurentiis
Everyday Pasta, authors: Giada De Laurentiis, Victoria Pearson
Tyler's Ultimate: Brilliant Simple Food to Make Any Time, authors: Tyler Florence, Petrina Tinslay
Tyler Florence's Real Kitchen: An Indespensible Guide for Anybody Who Likes to Cook, authors: Tyler Florence, JoAnn Cianciulli, Bill Bettencourt, Bobby Flay
Eat This Book: Cooking with Global Fresh Flavors, authors: Tyler Florence, Petrina Tinslay
Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, authors: Steven D. Levitt, Stephen J. Dubner
Freakonomics: Un economista políticamente incorrecto explora el lado oculto de lo que nos afecta, authors: Steven D. Levitt, Stephen J. Dubner
Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, authors: Steven D. Levitt, Stephen J. Dubner
The Last Assassin (John Rain  #5), authors: Barry Eisler
Life of Pi, authors: Yann Martel
L'Histoire de Pi, authors: Yann Martel, Nicole Martel, Emile Martel
Shadows and Wind: A View of Modern Vietnam, authors: Robert Templer
A Million Little Pieces, authors: James Frey
A Million Little Pieces of Feces, authors: Python Bonkers
A Million Little Lies, authors: James Pinocchio, Pablo Fenjves
The Leadership Challenge, authors: James M. Kouzes, Barry Z. Posner
Lincoln on Leadership: Executive Strategies for Tough Times, authors: Donald T. Phillips
Leadership in Organizations, authors: Gary Yukl
Leadership, authors: Rudolph W. Giuliani
Men Are from Mars  Women Are from Venus, authors: John Gray
Mars and Venus Book of Days: 365 Inspriations to Enrich Your Relationships, authors: John Gray
Men Are from Mars  Women Are from Venus, authors: John Gray
How to Succeed with Women, authors: Ron  Louis, David Copeland
The Clan of the Cave Bear (Earth's Children  #1), authors: Jean M. Auel
The Clan of the Cave Bear (Earth's Children  #1), authors: Jean M. Auel
Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game, authors: Michael   Lewis
Juiced Official Strategy Guide, authors: Doug Walsh
The 48 Laws of Power, authors: Robert Greene, Joost Elffers
Gates of Fire, authors: Steven Pressfield
Fire Sea (The Death Gate Cycle  #3), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Gate of Fire (Oath Of Empire Book Two), authors: Thomas Harlan
The Afghan Campaign, authors: Steven Pressfield
Tides of War, authors: Steven Pressfield
Last of the Amazons, authors: Steven Pressfield
The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles, authors: Steven Pressfield, Robert McKee
Gita on the Green, authors: Stephen J. Rosen, Steven Pressfield
Blood Stripes: The Grunt's View of the War in Iraq, authors: David J. Danelo, Steven Pressfield
Phaedrus and Letters VII and VIII, authors: Plato, Walter Hamilton
Phaedrus, authors: Plato, Robin Waterfield
Phaedrus, authors: Plato, C.J. Rowe
Lysis/Phaedrus/Symposium: Plato on Homosexuality, authors: Plato, Benjamin Jowett
Enthusiasm and Divine Madness, authors: Josef Pieper, Richard Winston, Clara Winston
On Love: Lysis/Symposium/Phaedrus/Alcibiades/Selections from Republic & Laws, authors: Plato, C.D.C. Reeve
Gorgias/Phaedrus (Agora), authors: Plato, James H. Nichols Jr.
Statesman, authors: Plato, C.J. Rowe
Gorgias, authors: Plato, Walter Hamilton, Chris Emlyn-Jones
The Histories, authors: Herodotus, Aubrey de Sélincourt, John M. Marincola
The Histories, authors: Herodotus, Aubrey de Sélincourt, John M. Marincola
The History (Great Minds), authors: Herodotus, Henry Francis Cary
The Histories, authors: Herodotus, Carolyn Dewald, Robin Waterfield
The Histories, authors: Herodotus, Aubrey de Sélincourt, Andrew Robert Burn
The Histories, authors: Herodotus, Jennifer Tolbert Roberts, Walter Blanco
The Histories, authors: Herodotus, Edward Henry Blakeney, George Rawlinson, Rosalind Thomas
The History, authors: Herodotus, Peter Grene
The Iliad, authors: Homer, Robert Fagles, Bernard Knox
Iliad, authors: Homer, Stanley Lombardo, Sheila Murnaghan
The Iliad, authors: Homer, Robert Fitzgerald, Andrew Ford
The Iliad/The Odyssey, authors: Homer, Robert Fagles, Bernard Knox
The Iliad, authors: Homer, E.V. Rieu, Peter Jones, D.C.H. Rieu
The Iliad, authors: Homer, W.H.D. Rouse
The Essential Iliad, authors: Homer, Sheila Murnaghan, Stanley Lombardo
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, Robert Fagles, Bernard Knox
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, Robert Fitzgerald, D.S. Carne-Ross
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, Richmond Lattimore
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, E.V. Rieu, Peter Jones, D.C.H. Rieu
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, W.H.D. Rouse
Aeneid: Selections from Books 1  2  4  6  10  12, authors: Virgil, Barbara Weiden Boyd
Eclogues. Georgics. Aeneid: Books 1-6, authors: Virgil, Henry Rushton Fairclough, G.P. Goold
City Eclogue, authors: Ed Roberson
The Eclogues and The Georgics, authors: Virgil, Cecil Day-Lewis
Paul Kirk's Championship Barbecue Sauces: 175 Make-Your-Own Sauces  Marinades  Dry Rubs  Wet Rubs  Mops and Salsas, authors: Paul  Kirk
The Complete Pelican Shakespeare, authors: William Shakespeare, Stephen Orgel, A.R. Braunmuller
The Complete Works, authors: William Shakespeare
Hamlet, authors: William Shakespeare, Harold Bloom, Rex Gibson
The Compleat Works of Wllm Shkspr (abridged), authors: Reduced Shakespeare Company, Adam Long, Daniel Singer, Jess Winfield
The Pilgrimage: A Contemporary Quest for Ancient Wisdom, authors: Paulo Coelho, Alan R. Clarke
The Valkyries, authors: Paulo Coelho, Alan R. Clarke
Warrior of the Light, authors: Paulo Coelho
The Zahir, authors: Paulo Coelho, Margaret Jull Costa
By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept, authors: Paulo Coelho, Alan R. Clarke
The Fifth Mountain, authors: Paulo Coelho, Clifford E. Landers
Veronika Decides to Die, authors: Paulo Coelho, Margaret Jull Costa, Kâmuran Şipal
Hamlet, authors: William Shakespeare, Stephen Orgel, A.R. Braunmuller
Cliffs Notes on Shakespeare's Hamlet, authors: Carla Lynn Stockton
Shakespeare's Hamlet, authors: William Shakespeare, Terri Mategrano
Hamlet's Mill: An Essay Investigating the Origins of Human Knowledge and Its Transmission Through Myth, authors: Giorgio De Santillana, Hertha Von Dechend
History of the Peloponnesian War: Bk. 1-2, authors: Thucydides, C.F. Smith
On Justice  Power and Human Nature: Selections from The History of the Peloponnesian War, authors: Thucydides, Paul Woodruff
History of the Peloponnesian War: Bk. 5-6, authors: Thucydides, C.F. Smith
The Peloponnesian War, authors: Thucydides, Steven Lattimore
The Peloponnesian War: A New Translation  Backgrounds  Interpretations, authors: Thucydides, Jennifer Tolbert Roberts, Walter Blanco
History of the Peloponnesian War  Bk. 7-8, authors: Thucydides, C.F. Smith
Thucydides  Book 6 Commentary, authors: Cynthia W. Shelmerdine
Euripides I: Alcestis / The Medea / The Heracleidae / Hippolytus, authors: Euripides, Richmond Lattimore, David Grene, Rex Warner, Ralph Gladstone
Euripides V: Electra / The Phoenician Women / The Bacchae, authors: Euripides, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore, Emily Townsend Vermeule, Elizabeth Wyckoff, William Arrowsmith
Euripides IV: Rhesus / The Suppliant Women / Orestes / Iphigenia in Aulis, authors: Euripides, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore, William Arrowsmith, Frank William Jones, Charles R. Walker
Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides, authors: Anne Carson, Euripides
Ten Plays, authors: Euripides, Moses Hadas, John Maclean
Euripides III: Hecuba / Andromache / The Trojan Women / Ion (Complete Greek Tragedies  #7), authors: Euripides, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore, William Arrowsmith, John Frederick Nims, Ronald Frederick Willetts
Euripides II: The Cyclops / Heracles / Iphigenia in Tauris / Helen, authors: Euripides, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore, Witter Bynner, William Arrowsmith
Medea and Other Plays, authors: Euripides, John Davie, Richard Rutherford
Cyclops / Alcestis / Medea, authors: Euripides, David Kovacs
Medea, authors: Euripides, Donald J. Mastronarde
The Bacchae and Other Plays, authors: Euripides, John Davie, Richard Rutherford
Bakkhai, authors: Euripides, Reginald Gibbons, Peter H. Burian
Plays 1: Medea/The Phoenician Women/Bacchae, authors: Euripides, David Thompson, J. Michael Walton
The Trojan Women and Hippolytus, authors: Euripides
The Bacchae of Euripides: A Communion Rite, authors: Wole Soyinka
Orestes and Other Plays, authors: Euripides, James Morwood, Robin Waterfield
Children of Heracles / Hippolytus / Andromache / Hecuba, authors: Euripides, David Kovacs
Alcestis, authors: Euripides, William Arrowsmith
Suppliant Women / Electra / Heracles, authors: Euripides, David Kovacs
Medea, authors: Euripides, Georgia Ann Machemer, Michael   Collier
Euripides: Medea, authors: William Allan
CliffsNotes on Euripides' Medea and Electra, authors: Robert J. Milch
Trojan Women / Iphigenia Among the Taurians / Ion, authors: Euripides, David Kovacs
Helen / Phoenician Women / Orestes, authors: Euripides, David Kovacs
Euripides: Iphigenia at Aulis (Companions to Greek & Roman Tragedy), authors: Euripides, Pantelis Michelakis
The Complete Greek Tragedies  Volume 3: Euripides, authors: Euripides, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore
Aeschylus I: Oresteia (Agamemnon  The Libation Bearers  The Eumenides), authors: Aeschylus, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore
Aeschylus II: The Suppliant Maidens  The Persians  Seven against Thebes  and Prometheus Bound (The Complete Greek Tragedies), authors: Aeschylus, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore, Seth Benardete
The Oresteia, authors: Aeschylus, Alan Shapiro, Peter H. Burian
The Oresteia: Agamemnon  The Libation Bearers  The Eumenides, authors: Aeschylus, Robert Fagles, William Bedell Stanford
Oresteia, authors: Aeschylus, Peter Meineck, Helene P. Foley
Prometheus Bound and Other Plays, authors: Aeschylus, Philip Vellacott
The Oresteia, authors: Aeschylus, Ted Hughes
Aeschylus  1: The Oresteia: Agamemnon/The Libation Bearers/The Eumenides, authors: Aeschylus, David R. Slavitt, Smith Palmer Bovie
The Complete Greek Tragedies  Volume 1: Aeschylus, authors: Aeschylus, Richmond Lattimore, David Grene
Aeschylus: The Oresteia (A Student Guide: Landmarks of World Literature), authors: Simon Goldhill
The Oresteia: Agamemnon  Choephoroe & Eumenides (Everyman's Library  No. 260), authors: Aeschylus, George Thomson, Richard Seaford
Aeschylus 2: The Persians/Seven Against Thebes/The Suppliants/Prometheus Bound, authors: Aeschylus, David R. Slavitt, Smith Palmer Bovie
The Oresteia Trilogy: Agamemnon/The Libation-Bearers/The Furies, authors: Aeschylus, E.D.A. Morshead
The Suppliant Maidens/The Persians/Seven against Thebes/Prometheus Bound, authors: Aeschylus, E.D.A. Morshead
Sophocles II: Ajax/Women of Trachis/Electra/Philoctetes (Complete Greek Tragedies 4), authors: Sophocles, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore, John Moore, Michael Jameson
The Oedipus Plays of Sophocles: Oedipus the King; Oedipus at Colonus; Antigone, authors: Sophocles, Paul Roche
The Complete Plays, authors: Sophocles, Paul Roche
The Oedipus Cycle: Oedipus Rex  Oedipus at Colonus  Antigone, authors: Sophocles, Robert Fitzgerald, Dudley Fitts
The Three Theban Plays: Antigone  Oedipus the King  Oedipus at Colonus, authors: Sophocles, Robert Fagles, Bernard Knox
Theban Plays, authors: Sophocles, Peter Meineck, Paul Woodruff
The Theban Plays (Everyman's Library  #93), authors: Sophocles, David Grene, Charles Segal
Electra and Other Plays, authors: Sophocles, E.F. Watling
Antigone; Oedipus the Kingn; Electra, authors: Sophocles, Edith Hall, H.D.F. Kitto
Oedipus Rex  (The Theban Plays  #1), authors: Sophocles, J.E. Thomas
The Oedipus Plays of Sophocles, authors: Sophocles, Paul Roche
Oedipus Rex (Greek and Latin Classics), authors: Sophocles, Roger D. Dawe
Oedipus the King, authors: Sophocles, Bernard Knox, Cynthia Brantley Johnson
Four Plays: The Clouds/The Birds/Lysistrata/The Frogs, authors: Aristophanes, William Arrowsmith, Richmond Lattimore, Douglass Parker
Three Plays by Aristophanes: Lysistrata/Women at the Thesmophoria/Assemblywomen, authors: Aristophanes, Jeffrey Henderson
The Complete Plays, authors: Aristophanes, Moses Hadas
Aristophanes 1: The Acharnians/Peace/Celebrating Ladies/Wealth, authors: Aristophanes, David R. Slavitt
Clouds/Wasps/Birds (Aristophanes 1), authors: Aristophanes, Peter Meineck
Lysistrata and Other Plays, authors: Aristophanes, Alan H. Sommerstein
Acharnians, authors: Aristophanes, Jeffrey Henderson
Clouds, authors: Aristophanes, Kenneth James Dover
Clouds/Wasps/Peace, authors: Aristophanes, Jeffrey Henderson
Three Plays: The Wasps / The Poet and the Women / The Frogs, authors: Aristophanes, David B. Barrett
Four Comedies: Lysistrata / The Frogs / The Birds / Ladies' Day, authors: Aristophanes, Dudley Fitts
Frogs/Assemblywomen/Wealth (Loeb Classical Library 180), authors: Aristophanes, Jeffrey Henderson
Cliffs Notes on Aristophanes' Lysistrata  The Birds  The Clouds  The Frogs, authors: W. John Campbell
Aristophanes and Athens: An Introduction to the Plays, authors: Douglas M. MacDowell
Lysistrata, authors: Aristophanes, Douglass Parker
Peace, authors: Aristophanes, S. Douglas Olson
Lysistrata, authors: Aristophanes, Sarah Ruden
The Knights / Peace / The Birds / The Assembly Women / Wealth, authors: Aristophanes, Alan H. Sommerstein, David B. Barrett, David Brett
Genres in Dialogue: Plato and the Construct of Philosophy, authors: Andrea Wilson Nightingale
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, authors: Mark Haddon
The Night Gardener, authors: George Pelecanos
Twelfth Night, authors: William Shakespeare
Brokeback Mountain, authors: Annie Proulx
Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity, authors: David    Allen
Getting Things Done When You Are Not in Charge, authors: Geoffrey M. Bellman
Formas breves, authors: Ricardo Piglia
El último lector, authors: Ricardo Piglia
Money to Burn, authors: Ricardo Piglia, Amanda Hopkinson
Respiración artificial, authors: Ricardo Piglia
Plata quemada, authors: Ricardo Piglia
American Government: Continuity and Change  Alternate Edition, authors: Karen  O'Connor, Larry J. Sabato
Essentials of American and Texas Government: Continuity and Change, authors: Karen  O'Connor, Larry J. Sabato
El túnel, authors: Ernesto Sabato
The Confessions (Works of Saint Augustine 1), authors: Augustine of Hippo, John E. Rotelle, Maria Boulding
The City of God, authors: Augustine of Hippo, Thomas Merton, Marcus Dods
The Enchiridion on Faith Hope and Love (Augustine Series 1), authors: Augustine of Hippo, Bruce Harbert, John E. Rotelle
Augustine of Hippo: A Biography, authors: Peter R.L. Brown
On Christian Doctrine, authors: Augustine of Hippo, D.W. Robertson Jr.
Confessions  Books 1-13, authors: Augustine of Hippo, Peter R.L. Brown, Frank Sheed
Saint Augustine, authors: Garry Wills
Augustine: A Very Short Introduction, authors: Henry Chadwick
On Genesis/A Refutation of the Manichees/The Unfinished Literal Meaning of Genesis (Works of St Augustine 1), authors: Augustine of Hippo, Boniface Ramsey, Edmund Hill
Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly, authors: Anthony Bourdain
Confesiones de un chef, authors: Anthony Bourdain
The Metamorphoses of Ovid, authors: Ovid, Allen Mandelbaum
Metamorphoses, authors: Ovid, David Raeburn, Denis Feeney
Metamorphoses, authors: Ovid, Bernard Knox, Charles    Martin
Ovid's Metamorphoses: Books 1-5, authors: Ovid, William Scovil Anderson
Ovid’s Metamorphoses: Books 6-10, authors: Ovid, William Scovil Anderson
Latin Via Ovid: A First Course, authors: Norma Goldman, Jacob E. Nyenhuis
The Art of Love and Other Poems, authors: Ovid, J.H. Mozley, G.P. Goold
The Poems of Exile: Tristia and the Black Sea Letters, authors: Ovid, Peter Green
Metamorphoses: Volume 2  Books IX-XV, authors: Ovid, Frank Justus Miller
Metamorphoses: Volume I  Books I-VIII, authors: Ovid, Frank Justus Miller
Practice! Practice!: A Latin Via Ovid Workbook, authors: Norma Goldman, Michael  Rossi
Tibullus: A Commentary, authors: Michael C.J. Putnam
Dionysiac Poetics and Euripides' Bacchae, authors: Charles Segal
Antigone, authors: Sophocles, Reginald Gibbons, Charles Segal
Antigone, authors: Sophocles, Reginald Gibbons, Charles Segal
Object-Oriented Programming in C++, authors: Richard Johnsonbaugh, Martin Kalin
The Iliad, authors: Homer, Robert Fitzgerald
Love  Sex & Tragedy: How the Ancient World Shapes Our Lives, authors: Simon Goldhill
Reading Greek Tragedy, authors: Simon Goldhill
Who Needs Greek? Contests in the Cultural History of Hellenism, authors: Simon Goldhill
Foucault's Virginity: Ancient Erotic Fiction & the History of Sexuality (Stanford Memorial Lecture), authors: Simon Goldhill
2012: The Return of Quetzalcoatl, authors: Daniel Pinchbeck
Breaking Open the Head: A Psychedelic Journey Into the Heart of Contemporary Shamanism, authors: Daniel Pinchbeck, Lee Fukui
Them: Adventures with Extremists, authors: Jon Ronson
The Men Who Stare at Goats, authors: Jon Ronson
Guns  Germs and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies, authors: Jared Diamond
Caught Inside: A Surfer's Year on the California Coast, authors: Daniel Duane
Into the Wild, authors: Jon Krakauer
Wild at Heart: Discovering the Secret of a Man's Soul, authors: John Eldredge
Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China, authors: Jung Chang
Wild Fire (John Corey  #4), authors: Nelson DeMille
Born to Be Wild, authors: Catherine Coulter
The Call of the Wild, authors: Jack London, Avi
Wild About Books, authors: Judy Sierra, Marc Brown
In Web Design for Libraries, authors: Charles P. Rubenstein
Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting by in America, authors: Barbara Ehrenreich
The History of Sexuality 1: An Introduction, authors: Michel Foucault, Robert Hurley
The History of Sexuality  Volume 1: The Will to Knowledge, authors: Michel Foucault, Robert Hurley
The History of Sexuality  Volume 2: The Use of Pleasure, authors: Michel Foucault, Robert Hurley
The Making of Pride and Prejudice, authors: Sue Birtwistle, Sue Conklin, Susie Conklin
Pride and Prejudice, authors: Jane Austen
Pride & Prejudice, authors: Jane Austen, Vivien Jones
Pride and Prejudice, authors: Jane Austen, George Saintsbury, Hugh  Thomson
Pride and Prejudice, authors: Jane Austen, Carol Howard
Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith, authors: Jon Krakauer
Iceland: Land of the Sagas, authors: David  Roberts, Jon Krakauer
Into Thin Air: A Personal Account of the Mount Everest Disaster, authors: Jon Krakauer
In the Land of White Death: An Epic Story of Survival in the Siberian Arctic, authors: Valerian Albanov, Jon Krakauer, David  Roberts, Alison Anderson, Валериан Альбанов
The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-first Century, authors: Thomas L. Friedman
La Tierra es plana: Breve historia del mundo globalizado del siglo XXI, authors: Thomas L. Friedman
The Avalanche Handbook, authors: David McClung, Peter Schaerer
Avalanche, authors: Arthur J. Roth
Little Women, authors: Louisa May Alcott
Little Women (Little Women  #1), authors: Louisa May Alcott, Scott McKowen
Little Women, authors: Louisa May Alcott, Paula Danziger
Little Women, authors: Louisa May Alcott, Jessie Willcox Smith, Frank T. Merrill
Little Women  Little Men  Jo's Boys, authors: Louisa May Alcott, Elaine Showalter
Little Women, authors: Louisa May Alcott
A Tale of Two Cities, authors: Charles Dickens, Keith Cox, Cynthia Brantley Johnson
A Tale of Two Cities, authors: Charles Dickens, Gillen D'Arcy Wood
A Tale of Two Cities: Charles Dickens, authors: SparkNotes
A Tale of Two Cities, authors: Charles Dickens, Gillen D'Arcy Wood
A Tale of Two Cities, authors: Charles Dickens, Simon Schama
Den of Thieves, authors: James B. Stewart
Den of Thieves (Cat Royal  #3), authors: Julia Golding
Charles Dickens: Four Novels:  Great Expectations  Hard Times  A Christmas Carol  and A Tale of Two Cities, authors: Charles Dickens
Bleak House, authors: Charles Dickens, Mary Gaitskill, Hablot Knight Browne
David Copperfield, authors: Charles Dickens, Gish Jen
What Jane Austen Ate and Charles Dickens Knew: From Fox Hunting to Whist—the Facts of Daily Life in 19th-Century England, authors: Daniel Pool
Charles Dickens, authors: Jane Smiley
Martin Chuzzlewit, authors: Charles Dickens, Patricia Ingham, Hablot Knight Browne
Why Is Sex Fun? The Evolution of Human Sexuality (Science Masters), authors: Jared Diamond
The Third Chimpanzee: The Evolution & Future of the Human Animal, authors: Jared Diamond
J.K.Rowling, authors: Colleen Sexton
Harry Potter Schoolbooks Box Set: Two Classic Books from the Library of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, authors: J.K. Rowling
J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter Novels: A Reader's Guide, authors: Philip Nel
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Harry Potter  #6), authors: J.K. Rowling
The Santaroga Barrier, authors: Frank Herbert
The Dosadi Experiment (ConSentiency Universe  #2), authors: Frank Herbert
The Eyes of Heisenberg, authors: Frank Herbert
The Birds (Methuen Drama), authors: Sean O'Brien
The Frogs, authors: Aristophanes, B.B. Rogers
Lysistrata, authors: Aristophanes, Jeffrey Henderson
Myths of the Underworld Journey: Plato  Aristophanes  and the "Orphic" Gold Tablets, authors: Radcliffe G. Edmonds III
Assembly of Women (Literary Classics), authors: Aristophanes, Robert Mayhew
Comoediae 1: Acharenses/Equites/Nubes/Vespae/Pax/Aves, authors: Aristophanes, F.W. Hall, W.M. Geldart
Aristophanes and His Theatre of the Absurd, authors: Paul Anthony Cartledge
Later Novels and Other Writings: The Lady in the Lake / The Little Sister / The Long Goodbye / Playback / Double Indemnity (screenplay) / Selected Essays and Letters, authors: Raymond Chandler, Frank MacShane
Stories and Early Novels: Pulp Stories / The Big Sleep / Farewell  My Lovely / The High Window, authors: Raymond Chandler, Frank MacShane
The Lady in the Lake  The Little Sister  The Long Goodbye  Playback (Everyman's Library), authors: Raymond Chandler, Tom Hiney
The High Window (Philip Marlowe  #3), authors: Raymond Chandler
The Simple Art of Murder, authors: Raymond Chandler
The Big Sleep (Philip Marlowe  #1), authors: Raymond Chandler
The Long Goodbye (Philip Marlowe  #6), authors: Raymond Chandler
An Evening of Long Goodbyes, authors: Paul Murray
The Long Goodbye: Memories of My Father, authors: Patti   Davis
Ghost In the Shell 2: Innocence: After the Long Goodbye, authors: Masaki Yamada, Yuji Oniki, Carl Gustav Horn
The Long Goodbye (Philip Marlowe  #6), authors: Raymond Chandler
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon, authors: Daniel C. Dennett
Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life, authors: Daniel C. Dennett
Freedom Evolves, authors: Daniel C. Dennett
Brainstorms: Philosophical Essays on Mind and Psychology, authors: Daniel C. Dennett
Kinds of Minds: Towards an Understanding of Consciousness, authors: Daniel C. Dennett
Leaps of Faith: Science  Miracles & the Search for Supernatural Consolation, authors: Nicholas Humphrey, Daniel C. Dennett
Elbow Room: The Varieties of Free Will Worth Wanting, authors: Daniel C. Dennett
The Mind’s I: Fantasies and Reflections on Self and Soul, authors: Douglas R. Hofstadter, Daniel C. Dennett
The Illustrated A Brief History of Time, authors: Stephen Hawking
A Briefer History of Time, authors: Stephen Hawking, Leonard Mlodinow
The Universe in a Nutshell, authors: Stephen Hawking
God Created the Integers: The Mathematical Breakthroughs That Changed History, authors: Stephen Hawking
Stephen Hawking's Universe: The Cosmos Explained, authors: David Filkin, Stephen Hawking
The Future of Spacetime, authors: Stephen Hawking, Kip S. Thorne, Igor Novikov, Timothy Ferris, Alan Lightman, Richard     Price
Stephen Hawking's Universe, authors: John Boslough
The Nature of Space and Time, authors: Stephen Hawking, Roger Penrose
The Physics of Star Trek, authors: Lawrence M. Krauss, Stephen Hawking
Falconry & Hawking, authors: Phillip Glasier
The World Treasury of Physics  Astronomy & Mathematics from Albert Einstein to Stephen W. Hawking & from Annie Dillard to John Updike, authors: Timothy Ferris
The Art of Nonfiction: A Guide for Writers and Readers, authors: Ayn Rand, Robert Mayhew, Peter   Schwartz
The Journals of Ayn Rand, authors: Ayn Rand, Leonard Peikoff, David Harriman
The Fountainhead, authors: Ayn Rand, Leonard Peikoff
The 36-Hour Day: A Family Guide to Caring for Persons with Alzheimer Disease  Related Dementing Illnesses  and Memory Loss in Later Life, authors: Nancy L. Mace, Peter V. Rabins
The 3-Hour Diet: On the Go, authors: Jorge Cruise
The Last Hours of Ancient Sunlight: The Fate of the World and What We Can Do Before It's Too Late, authors: Thom Hartmann, Joseph Chilton Pearce, Neale Donald Walsch
Specimen Days, authors: Michael Cunningham
A Home at the End of the World, authors: Michael Cunningham
Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, authors: Malcolm Gladwell
Blink, authors: Ted Dekker
Blink-182: Tales from Beneath Your Mom, authors: Mark Hoppus, Anne Hoppus, Alex Gaskarth
The Complete Novels, authors: Jane Austen, Hugh  Thomson
The Jane Austen Book Club, authors: Karen Joy Fowler
Jane Austen: The Complete Novels, authors: Jane Austen
Jane Austen's Letters, authors: Jane Austen, Deirdre Le Faye
Persuasion, authors: Jane Austen, James Kinsley, Anna Massey, Richard S. Hartmetz, Maurgaux Motin, Deidre Shauna Lynch
Tea with Jane Austen, authors: Kim Wilson, Tom Carpenter
The Old Man and the Sea, authors: Ernest Hemingway, Donald Sutherland
Cliffs Notes on Hemingway's The Old Man and the Sea, authors: Jeanne Sallade Criswell, Gary Carey
Flaubert's Parrot, authors: Julian Barnes
Flaubert in Egypt: A Sensibility on Tour, authors: Gustave Flaubert, Francis Steegmuller
A Sentimental Education, authors: Gustave Flaubert, Douglas Parmée
Three Tales, authors: Gustave Flaubert, Roger Whitehouse, Geoffrey Wall
Sentimental Education, authors: Gustave Flaubert, Robert Baldick, Geoffrey Wall
The Family Idiot 5: Gustave Flaubert 1821-1857, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre, Carol Cosman
Middlesex, authors: Jeffrey Eugenides
Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln, authors: Doris Kearns Goodwin
John Adams, authors: David McCullough
The John Adams Reader: Eseential Writings on an American Composer, authors: Thomas May, John   Adams
The Letters of John and Abigail Adams, authors: Abigail Adams, Frank Shuffelton
Passionate Sage: The Character and Legacy of John Adams, authors: Joseph J. Ellis
The Portable John Adams, authors: John  Adams, John Patrick Diggins
Sex For Dummies, authors: Ruth Westheimer
Baby Signing For Dummies, authors: Jennifer Watson
The Feeling Good Handbook, authors: David D. Burns
On Death and Dying, authors: Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
Questions and Answers on Death and Dying: A Companion Volume to On Death and Dying, authors: Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
The Last Dance: Encountering Death and Dying, authors: Lynne Ann DeSpelder, Albert Lee Strickland
Mahatma Gandhi and His Myths: Civil Disobedience  Nonviolence  and Satyagraha in the Real World (Plus Why It's Gandhi  Not Ghandi), authors: Mark Shepard
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, authors: Stephen R. Covey
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Personal Workbook, authors: Stephen R. Covey
Daily Reflections For Highly Effective People: Living the 7 Habits of Highly Successful People Every Day, authors: Stephen R. Covey
Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives, authors: Dan Millman
Secret of the Peaceful Warrior, authors: Dan Millman, Robert D. San Souci, T. Taylor Bruce
It's Not about the Bike: My Journey Back to Life, authors: Lance Armstrong, Sally Jenkins
23 Days in July: Inside the Tour de France and Lance Armstrong's Record-Breaking Victory, authors: John Wilcockson, Graham   Watson
Truman, authors: David McCullough
The Complete Stories of Truman Capote, authors: Truman Capote, Reynolds Price
Breakfast at Tiffany's: A Short Novel and Three Stories, authors: Truman Capote
Murder at The Washington Tribune (Capital Crimes  #21), authors: Margaret Truman
Murder at Ford's Theatre (Capital Crimes  #19), authors: Margaret Truman
Other Voices  Other Rooms, authors: Truman Capote
In Cold Blood, authors: Truman Capote, Scott Brick
Emergence: The Connected Lives of Ants  Brains  Cities  and Software, authors: Steven Johnson
Emergence: Labeled Autistic, authors: Temple Grandin, Margaret M. Scariano
The Emergence of Life on Earth: A Historical and Scientific Overview, authors: Iris Fry
The Ghost Stories of Edith Wharton, authors: Edith Wharton, Laszlo Kubinyi
The House of Mirth / The Reef / The Custom of the Country / The Age of Innocence, authors: Edith Wharton, R.W.B. Lewis
Collected Stories  1911-1937, authors: Edith Wharton, Maureen Howard
Novellas and Other Writings: Madame de Treymes / Ethan Frome / Summer / Old New York / The Mother’s Recompense / A Backward Glance, authors: Edith Wharton, Cynthia Griffin Wolff
The House of Mirth, authors: Edith Wharton
Below the Root, authors: Zilpha Keatley Snyder, Alton Raible
The Witches of Worm, authors: Zilpha Keatley Snyder
The Deeper Meaning of Liff, authors: Douglas Adams, John Lloyd
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency (Dirk Gently #1), authors: Douglas Adams
The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Humphrey Carpenter, Christopher Tolkien
The History of the Lord of the Rings (The History of Middle-earth #6-9), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The Languages of Tolkien's Middle-Earth, authors: Ruth S. Noel, J.R.R. Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings- 3 volumes set (The Lord of the Rings  #1-3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
Farmer Giles of Ham, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christina Scull, Wayne G. Hammond
Tandia, authors: Bryce Courtenay
Matthew Flinders' Cat, authors: Bryce Courtenay
Solomon's Song (The Potato Factory  #3), authors: Bryce Courtenay
An Introduction to Old Norse, authors: E.V. Gordon, A.R. Taylor
Cold Counsel: Women in Old Norse Literature and Myth, authors: Sarah M.  Anderson, Karen Swenson
Brave Companions: Portraits in History, authors: David McCullough
Mornings on Horseback: The Story of an Extraordinary Family  a Vanished Way of Life  and the Unique Child Who Became Theodore Roosevelt, authors: David McCullough
John Adams, authors: David McCullough
The Johnstown Flood, authors: David McCullough
The Path Between the Seas: The Creation of the Panama Canal  1870-1914, authors: David McCullough
The Bone Collector (Lincoln Rhyme  #1), authors: Jeffery Deaver
The Bone Collector's Son, authors: Paul Yee
El Coleccionista De Huesos (Lincoln Rhyme  #1), authors: Jeffery Deaver
Moby Dick, authors: Herman Melville, William Hootkins
Moby-Dick, authors: Jan Needle, Patrick Benson, Herman Melville
Moby Dick, authors: Herman Melville, William Hootkins
Moby-Dick, authors: Herman Melville, Carl F. Hovde
Herman Melville's Moby-Dick: A Routledge Study Guide and Sourcebook, authors: Michael J. Davey, Duncan Wu
Moby Dick: or The White Whale (Oxford Illustrated Classics), authors: Geraldine McCaughrean, Victor G. Ambrus, Herman Melville
Melville's Moby Dick: An American Nekyia (Studies in Jungian Psychology by Jungian Analysts), authors: Edward F. Edinger
Moby Dick: Or  the White Whale (Oxford Illustrated Classics Series), authors: Geraldine McCaughrean, Victor G. Ambrus, Herman Melville
Melville and the politics of identity: From *King Lear* to *Moby-Dick*, authors: Julian Markels
Unpainted to the Last: "Moby Dick" and Twentieth-century American Art, authors: Elizabeth A. Schultz
Double Tap (Paul Madriani  #8), authors: Steve Martini
The List, authors: Steve Martini
Witches Abroad (Discworld  #12; Witches #3), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Innocents Abroad, authors: Mark Twain, Grover Gardner
Teaching English Abroad, authors: Susan  Griffith
Theocritus: Select Poems: Select Poems, authors: Theocritus, Kenneth James Dover
The Shield. Catalogue of Women. Other Fragments. (Hesiod II), authors: Hesiod, Glenn W. Most
Death and the King's Horseman, authors: Wole Soyinka, Simon Gikandi
The Time Machine, authors: H.G. Wells, Patrick Parrinder, Steven McLean, Marina Warner
The Time Machine, authors: H.G. Wells, Cynthia Brantley Johnson, Benjamin Beard
The Ultimate Time Machine: A Remote Viewer's Perception of Time & Predictions for the New Millennium, authors: Joseph McMoneagle
The Time Machine, authors: H.G. Wells, Melvin Burgess
The Complete Short Stories, authors: H.G. Wells, John R. Hammond
Selected Stories, authors: H.G. Wells, Ursula K. Le Guin
Tono-Bungay, authors: H.G. Wells, Edward Mendelson, Patrick Parrinder
The Name of the Rose (Everyman's Library (Cloth)), authors: Umberto Eco
In the Name of Jesus: Reflections on Christian Leadership, authors: Henri J.M. Nouwen
Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story, authors: Timothy B. Tyson
Blindness, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
The Gospel According to Jesus Christ, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
All the Names, authors: José Saramago, Margaret Jull Costa
The Tale of the Unknown Island, authors: José Saramago, Peter Sís, Margaret Jull Costa
Baltasar and Blimunda, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
The Cave, authors: José Saramago, Margaret Jull Costa
The Stone Raft, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
El hombre duplicado, authors: José Saramago, Pilar del Río
Ensayo sobre la lucidez, authors: José Saramago, Pilar del Río
La caverna, authors: José Saramago, Pilar del Río
The History of the Siege of Lisbon, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
Las intermitencias de la muerte, authors: José Saramago, Pilar del Río
The Treasured Writings of Kahlil Gibran, authors: Kahlil Gibran
The Prophet, authors: Kahlil Gibran, جبران خليل جبران, Jihad El
A Tear and a Smile, authors: Kahlil Gibran, جبران خليل جبران, H.M. Nahmad, Robert Hillyer
On the Road, authors: Jack Kerouac
On the Road, authors: Jack Kerouac, Ann Charters
De Kooning: An American Master, authors: Mark Stevens, Annalyn Swan
Willem de Kooning: Late Paintings, authors: Julie Sylvester, David Sylvester
Aké: The Years of Childhood, authors: Wole Soyinka
Ready for Anything: 52 Productivity Principles for Getting Things Done, authors: David    Allen
The Facilitator's Book of Questions: Tools for Looking Together at Student and Teacher Work, authors: David  Allen, Tina Blythe, Gene Thompson-Grove
Sun Tzu and the Art of Business: Six Strategic Principles for Managers, authors: Sun Tzu, Mark McNeilly
Marketing Warfare, authors: Al Ries, Jack Trout
The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference, authors: Malcolm Gladwell
Unleashing the Ideavirus: Stop Marketing AT People! Turn Your Ideas into Epidemics by Helping Your Customers Do the Marketing thing for You., authors: Seth Godin, Malcolm Gladwell
The Innovator's Dilemma: The Revolutionary Book that Will Change the Way You Do Business, authors: Clayton M. Christensen, L.J. Ganser
Great Expectations, authors: Charles Dickens, David Trotter, Charlotte Mitchell
Great Expectations: Authoritative Text  Backgrounds  Contexts  Criticism, authors: Charles Dickens, Edgar Rosenberg
Luther and Erasmus: Free Will and Salvation (Library of Christian Classics), authors: Erasmus, Martin Luther, Philip S. Watson, E. Gordon Rupp
To Kill a Mockingbird, authors: Harper Lee
To Kill a Mockingbird, authors: Harper Lee, Sissy Spacek
To Kill a Mockingbird, authors: Harper Lee
The Wealthy Barber: Everyone's Common-Sense Guide to Becoming Financially Independent, authors: David H. Chilton
A Modest Proposal and Other Satirical Works, authors: Jonathan Swift
Gulliver's Travels / A Modest Proposal, authors: Jonathan Swift, Jesse Gale
Empire 2.0: A Modest Proposal for a United States of the West (Terra Nova), authors: Xavier de C., Xavier de C., Joseph Rowe
The Bostonians, authors: Henry James, R.D. Gooder
Novels 1896–1899: The Other House / The Spoils of Poynton / What Maisie Knew / The Awkward Age, authors: Henry James, Myra Jehlen
Novels 1901–1902: The Sacred Fount / The Wings of the Dove, authors: Henry James, Leo Bersani
Complete Stories 1892–1898, authors: Henry James, John Hollander, David Bromwich
The Canterbury Tales, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, Nevill Coghill
The Canterbury Tales, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, David  Wright
The Canterbury Tales (original-spelling edition), authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, Jill Mann
Chaucer's Canterbury Tales (Selected): An Interlinear Translation, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, Vincent Foster Hopper
Oxford Guides to Chaucer: The Canterbury Tales, authors: Helen  Cooper
Love Visions, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, Brian Stone
Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer
The Riverside Chaucer, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, Larry Dean Benson, F.N. Robinson
The Portable Chaucer, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, Theodore Morrison
Salt: A World History, authors: Mark Kurlansky
Salt in His Shoes: Michael Jordan in Pursuit of a Dream, authors: Deloris Jordan, Kadir Nelson, Roslyn M. Jordan
The Book of Salt, authors: Monique Truong
Cities of Salt (مدن الملح #1), authors: Abdul Rahman Munif, Peter Theroux
The Years of Rice and Salt, authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
Illuminations: Essays and Reflections, authors: Walter Benjamin, Hannah Arendt, Harry Zohn, Leon Wieseltier
Saul Steinberg: Illuminations, authors: Saul Steinberg, Joel Smith, Charles Simic
Advanced Global Illumination, authors: Philip Dutre
Snow Falling On Cedars, authors: David Guterson
The Lost Boy (Dave Pelzer #2), authors: Dave Pelzer
Real Boys: Rescuing Our Sons from the Myths of Boyhood, authors: William S. Pollack, Mary Pipher
Microserfs, authors: Douglas Coupland
New Media Language, authors: Jean Aitchison, Diana M. Lewis
The Denial of Death, authors: Ernest Becker, Sam Keen, Daniel Goleman
A People's History of the United States, authors: Howard Zinn
A People's History of the United States, authors: Howard Zinn, Kathy Emery, Ellen Gordon Reeves
A People's History of the United States: The Civil War to the Present, authors: Howard Zinn, Kathy Emery, Ellen Gordon Reeves
Graphic Design: A Concise History (World of Art), authors: Richard Hollis
Immigrant Acts: On Asian American Cultural Politics, authors: Lisa Lowe
The Old Way of Seeing: How Architecture Lost Its Magic - And How to Get It Back, authors: Jonathan Hale
The Crying of Lot 49, authors: Thomas Pynchon
E=mc²: A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation, authors: David Bodanis
Passionate Minds, authors: David Bodanis
Christian Mythmakers: C.S. Lewis  Madeleine L'Engle  J.R.R. Tolkien  George MacDonald  G.K. Chesterton  Charles Williams  Dante Alighieri  John Bunyan  Walter Wangerin  Robert Siegel  and Hannah Hurnard, authors: Rolland Hein, Clyde S. Kilby
A House Like a Lotus (O'Keefe Family  #3), authors: Madeleine L'Engle
The Rock That Is Higher: Story as Truth, authors: Madeleine L'Engle
The Glorious Impossible, authors: Madeleine L'Engle, Giotto di Bondone
A Full House: An Austin Family Christmas (Austin Family  #5.6), authors: Madeleine L'Engle, Mary Chambers
A Circle of Quiet (Crosswicks Journals #1), authors: Madeleine L'Engle
The Birth of Tragedy and Other Writings, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Raymond Geuss, Ronald Speirs
The Birth of Tragedy/The Genealogy of Morals, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Francis Golffing
The Birth of Tragedy, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche
The Birth of Tragedy, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Michael Tanner, Shaun Whiteside
Birth Of A Tragedy: Kashmir 1947, authors: Alastair Lamb
The Tragedy of Pudd'nhead Wilson/Those Extraordinary Twins, authors: Mark Twain, David Lionel Smith, Sherley Anne Williams
The Tragedy of Pudd'nhead Wilson, authors: Mark Twain, Michael Prichard
Bridge to Terabithia, authors: Katherine Paterson, Donna Diamond
Literature Circle Guide: Bridge to Terabithia: Everything You Need For Successful Literature Circles That Get Kids Thinking  Talking  Writing—and Loving Literature, authors: Tara MacCarthy
Bread and Roses  Too, authors: Katherine Paterson
The Invisible Child, authors: Katherine Paterson
A Short History of Decay, authors: Emil M. Cioran, Richard Howard
Scholar of Decay (Ravenloft  #14), authors: Tanya Huff
Girl with a Pearl Earring, authors: Tracy Chevalier
The Golden Tulip, authors: Rosalind Laker
Burning Bright, authors: Tracy Chevalier
Falling Angels, authors: Tracy Chevalier
The Virgin Blue, authors: Tracy Chevalier
Wenn Engel fallen, authors: Tracy Chevalier
Tom Hunter: Living in Hell and Other Stories, authors: Tom Hunter, Tracy Chevalier, Colin Wiggins
Bleach  Volume 15, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 01, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 14, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 11, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 12, authors: Tite Kubo
DEATH NOTE デスノート 1, authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, 大場 つぐみ, 小畑 健
Death Note  Vol. 4: 恋心 (Death Note  #4), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata
Death Note  Vol. 3: 激走 (Death Note  #3), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata
Love Artist (Harlequin Romance #2860), authors: Valerie Parv
Perfume: The Story of a Murderer, authors: Patrick Süskind, John E. Woods
Das Parfum. Die Geschichte eines Mörders, authors: Patrick Süskind
Three Stories and a Reflection, authors: Patrick Süskind
The Pigeon, authors: Patrick Süskind
The Story of Mr Sommer, authors: Patrick Süskind, Jean-Jacques Sempé
Bleach―ブリーチ― 1 [Burīchi 1] (Bleach  #1), authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Tome 1: The Death and the Strawberry, authors: Tite Kubo
Escape from Fire Mountain (World of Adventure  #3), authors: Gary Paulsen, Steve Chorney
How Angel Peterson Got His Name, authors: Gary Paulsen
Tucket's Travels: Francis Tucket's Adventures In The West  1847-1849 (The Tucket Adventures  #1-5), authors: Gary Paulsen
Chicago Blues: The City and the Music, authors: Mike  Rowe, Ronald Radano
Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod, authors: Gary Paulsen
Brian's Winter, authors: Gary Paulsen
Robinson Crusoe (Robinson Crusoe #1), authors: Daniel Defoe, Virginia Woolf
Robinson Crusoe, authors: Daniel Defoe, John J. Richetti
Robinson Crusoe, authors: Daniel Defoe, Michael Shinagel
Robinson Crusoe, authors: Daniel Defoe, Avi
Robinson Crusoe, authors: Daniel Defoe
A General History of the Pyrates, authors: Daniel Defoe, Manuel Schonhorn, Charles   Johnson
Huck Finn & Tom Sawyer among the Indians & Other Unfinished Stories (Mark Twain Library), authors: Mark Twain, Paul Baender, Dahlia Armon, Walter Blair
Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer Among the Indians, authors: Mark Twain, Lee Nelson
Huck Finn/Pudd'nhead Wilson/No 44 Mysterious Stranger other Writings, authors: Mark Twain, Guy Cardwell, Louis J. Budd
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (Adventures of Tom and Huck  #2), authors: Mark Twain, Guy Cardwell, John Seelye, Walter Trier
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain, E.W. Kemble
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain, George Saunders
The Annotated Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain, Michael Patrick Hearn, E.W. Kemble
The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain, authors: Mark Twain
Mark Twain's Helpful Hints for Good Living: A Handbook for the Damned Human Race, authors: Mark Twain, Lin Salamo, Victor Fischer, Michael B. Frank
The Complete Short Stories of Mark Twain, authors: Mark Twain, Charles Neider
The Autobiography of Mark Twain, authors: Mark Twain, Charles Neider
Collected Tales  Sketches  Speeches  & Essays 1891–1910, authors: Mark Twain, Louis J. Budd
Lost Horizon, authors: James Hilton
Louisa May Alcott's Christmas Treasury, authors: Louisa May Alcott, C. Michael Dudash, Stephen W. Hines
My Secret Garden: Women's Sexual Fantasies, authors: Nancy Friday
The Secret Garden, authors: Frances Hodgson Burnett
The Secret Garden, authors: Frances Hodgson Burnett, Sandra M. Gilbert
The Secret Garden, authors: Martha Hailey DuBose, Frances Hodgson Burnett, Lucy Corvino, Arthur Pober
The Secret Garden, authors: Frances Hodgson Burnett, Alison Lurie
A Little Princess, authors: Frances Hodgson Burnett, Nancy Bond
Waiting for the Party: The Life of Frances Hodgson Burnett  1849-1924, authors: Ann Thwaite
The Secret Garden Cookbook: Recipes Inspired by Frances Hodgson Burnett's The Secret Garden, authors: Amy Cotler, Frances Hodgson Burnett, Prudence See
Basic Economics: A Citizen's Guide to the Economy, authors: Thomas Sowell
Basic Economics: A Common Sense Guide to the Economy, authors: Thomas Sowell
Black Rednecks and White Liberals, authors: Thomas Sowell
Applied Economics: Thinking Beyond Stage One, authors: Thomas Sowell
Knowledge And Decisions, authors: Thomas Sowell
A Conflict of Visions: Ideological Origins of Political Struggles, authors: Thomas Sowell
Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, authors: Selina Shirley Hastings, Juan Wijngaard
Alcoholics Anonymous, authors: Alcoholics Anonymous
Alcoholics Anonymous, authors: Alcoholics Anonymous
The Twelve Steps & Twelve Traditions of Overeaters Anonymous, authors: Overeaters Anonymous
The Natural Way to Draw, authors: Kimon Nicolaides, Mamie Harmon
Natural Health  Natural Medicine, authors: Andrew Weil
The Fixer, authors: Bernard Malamud, Jonathan Safran Foer
The Complete Stories, authors: Bernard Malamud, Robert Giroux
The Assistant, authors: Bernard Malamud, Jonathan Rosen
Conversations with Bernard Malamud (Literary Conversations), authors: Lawrence M. Lasher
The Tenants, authors: Bernard Malamud, Aleksandar Hemon
Enchanted April: Acting Edition, authors: Matthew Barber, Elizabeth von Arnim
April  May und June, authors: Elizabeth von Arnim
A Room with a View, authors: E.M. Forster
A Room with a View / Howards End, authors: E.M. Forster, Benjamin DeMott
E.M. Forster: Critical Guidebook, authors: Lionel Trilling, E.M. Forster
The Longest Journey, authors: E.M. Forster, Gilbert Adair, Elizabeth Heine
Howards End, authors: E.M. Forster
Maurice, authors: E.M. Forster
E. M. Forster: A Life, authors: P.N. Furbank
Howards End, authors: E.M. Forster
The Sixteen Pleasures, authors: Robert Hellenga
Revolutionary Characters: What Made the Founders Different, authors: Gordon S. Wood
The Rescue (Kidnapped  #3), authors: Gordon Korman
Hunting the Hunter (On the Run  #6), authors: Gordon Korman
Public Enemies (On The Run  #5), authors: Gordon Korman
Runaway Bride, authors: Deborah  Gordon
The Bridge over the Drina, authors: Ivo Andrić, William H. McNeill
Drina Dances in Paris, authors: Jean Estoril
Drina Ballerina, authors: Jean Estoril
Le Pont sur la Drina, authors: Ivo Andrić, Pascale Delpech
Drina Dances in Italy, authors: Jean Estoril
Drina Goes on Tour, authors: Jean Estoril, Mabel Esther Allan
Drina Dances in Madeira, authors: Jean Estoril, Mabel Esther Allan
Phaedrus/Apology/Crito/Symposium, authors: Plato, Benjamin Jowett
The Dialogues of Plato  Volume 1: Euthyphro  Apology  Crito  Meno  Gorgias  Menexenus, authors: Plato, Reginald E. Allen
Gorgias/Timaeus, authors: Plato, Benjamin Jowett
Minor Works: On Colours/On Things Heard/Physiognomics/On Plants/On Marvellous Things Heard/Mechanical Problems/On Indivisible Lines/The...Gorgias, authors: Aristotle, W.S. Hett
Aristophanes I: Clouds/Wasps/Birds, authors: Aristophanes, Peter Meineck, Ian C. Storey
The Trojan Women, authors: Euripides, Gilbert Murray
Greek Tragedies  Volume 2, authors: David Grene, Richmond Lattimore, Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides
Moloka'i (Moloka'i #1), authors: Alan Brennert
Teaching with the Brain in Mind, authors: Eric Jensen
Introducing Mind and Brain (Introducing...), authors: Angus Gellatly, Oscar Zárate, Richard Appignanesi
Eva Luna, authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden
The Stories of Eva Luna, authors: Isabel Allende
Diez Cuentos de Eva Luna Con Guia de Comprension y Repaso de Gramatica, authors: Isabel Allende, Richard D. Woods, Kenneth M. Taggart
El bosque de los pigmeos, authors: Isabel Allende
Inés of My Soul, authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden
La casa de los espíritus, authors: Isabel Allende
El plan infinito, authors: Isabel Allende
El reino del dragón de oro, authors: Isabel Allende
City of the Beasts (Eagle and Jaguar  #1), authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden
Self, authors: Yann Martel
Die Brücke über die Drina, authors: Ivo Andrić, Ernst E. Jonas
Drina Dances in Switzerland, authors: Jean Estoril, Jenny Sanders
The Story of Salt, authors: Mark Kurlansky, S.D. Schindler
Nonviolence: Twenty-Five Lessons from the History of a Dangerous Idea, authors: Mark Kurlansky, Dalai Lama XIV
Boogaloo on 2nd Avenue, authors: Mark Kurlansky
Cod: A Biography of the Fish That Changed the World, authors: Mark Kurlansky
1968: The Year That Rocked the World, authors: Mark Kurlansky
A Chosen Few: The Resurrection of European Jewry (Reader's Circle), authors: Mark Kurlansky
The Basque History of the World: The Story of a Nation, authors: Mark Kurlansky
The Cod's Tale, authors: Mark Kurlansky, S.D. Schindler
Open City 6: The Only Woman He Ever Left, authors: Open City Magazine, James Purdy, Daniel Pinchbeck, Michael Cunningham, Deborah Garrison, Rem Koolhaas, Rick Moody, Strawberry Saroyan, Debra Garrison
Harry Potter Y La Piedra Filosofal (Harry Potter  #1), authors: J.K. Rowling
Angle of Repose, authors: Wallace Stegner, Jackson J. Benson
Don't Make Me Think: A Common Sense Approach to Web Usability, authors: Steve Krug
Girlfriend in a Coma, authors: Douglas Coupland
Corelli's Mandolin, authors: Louis de Bernières
Kiffe Kiffe Tomorrow, authors: Faïza Guène, Sarah    Adams
Our Kind of People: Inside America's Black Upper Class, authors: Lawrence Otis Graham
The Senator and the Socialite: The True Story of America's First Black Dynasty, authors: Lawrence Otis Graham
Temptations, authors: Otis Williams, Patricia Romanowski
The Thorn Birds, authors: Colleen McCullough
Caesar (Masters of Rome  #5), authors: Colleen McCullough
Caesar's Women (Masters of Rome  #4), authors: Colleen McCullough
On  Off (Carmine Delmonico  #1), authors: Colleen McCullough
Three Complete Novels: Tim/An Indecent Obsession/The Ladies of Missalonghi, authors: Colleen McCullough
Morgan's Run, authors: Colleen McCullough
The October Horse: A Novel of Caesar and Cleopatra (Masters of Rome  #6), authors: Colleen McCullough
The First Man in Rome (Masters of Rome  #1), authors: Colleen McCullough
The Grass Crown (Masters of Rome  #2), authors: Colleen McCullough
Tim, authors: Colleen McCullough
O'Brien's the Things They Carried, authors: Jill Colella, CliffsNotes
The Five People You Meet in Heaven, authors: Mitch Albom
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, authors: Mark Haddon
The Curious Incident of the Dog In the Night-time, authors: Mark Haddon
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time, authors: Mark Haddon
Northern Lights, authors: Tim O'Brien
If I Die in a Combat Zone  Box Me Up and Ship Me Home, authors: Tim O'Brien
Going After Cacciato, authors: Tim O'Brien
In the Lake of the Woods, authors: Tim O'Brien
The Nuclear Age, authors: Tim O'Brien
The Rescue, authors: Nicholas Sparks
A Bend in the Road, authors: Nicholas Sparks
True Believer (Jeremy Marsh & Lexie Darnell  #1), authors: Nicholas Sparks
Three Weeks With My Brother, authors: Nicholas Sparks, Micah Sparks
The Wedding (The Notebook  #2), authors: Nicholas Sparks
El Guardián, authors: Nicholas Sparks, Ramón González Férriz
Nights in Rodanthe, authors: Nicholas Sparks
Message in a Bottle, authors: Nicholas Sparks
A Walk to Remember, authors: Nicholas Sparks
Icy Sparks, authors: Gwyn Hyman Rubio
Message in a Bottle, authors: Nicholas Sparks
Sugarplums and Scandal  (Love at Stake #2.5; Bed-and-Breakfast Mysteries #22.5), authors: Lori Avocato, Dana Cameron, Mary Dahiem, Suzanne Macpherson, Cait London, Kerrelyn Sparks, Mary Daheim
Special Topics in Calamity Physics, authors: Marisha Pessl
The Dictionary of Corporate Bullshit: An A to Z Lexicon of Empty  Enraging  and Just Plain Stupid Office Talk, authors: Lois Beckwith
On Truth, authors: Harry G. Frankfurt, Baruch Spinoza
Twelve Sharp (Stephanie Plum  #12), authors: Janet Evanovich
Sharp Edges, authors: Jayne Ann Krentz
Mrs. Sharp's Traditions: Reviving Victorian Family Celebrations of Comfort & Joy, authors: Sarah Ban Breathnach
The Sly Spy (Olivia Sharp  Agent for Secrets #3), authors: Marjorie Weinman Sharmat, Mitchell Sharmat, Denise Brunkus
The Green Toenails Gang (Olivia Sharp  Agent for Secrets #4), authors: Marjorie Weinman Sharmat, Mitchell Sharmat, Denise Brunkus
The Pizza Monster (Olivia Sharp  Agent for Secrets #1), authors: Marjorie Weinman Sharmat, Mitchell Sharmat, Denise Brunkus
The Spy Who Barked (Adam Sharp #1), authors: George E. Stanley
Kare First Love  Vol. 9 (Kare First Love  #9), authors: Kaho Miyasaka
The World's First Love: Mary  Mother of God, authors: Fulton J. Sheen
Kare First Love  Vol. 10 (Kare First Love  #10), authors: Kaho Miyasaka
The Tutor's First Love, authors: George MacDonald, Michael R. Phillips
First Love, authors: Ivan Turgenev, Constance Garnett
Love @ First Site, authors: Jane Moore
First Love  Second Chance, authors: Amanda Clark
The Modern Prince: Charles J. Haughey and the Quest for Power, authors: Justin   O'Brien
The Modern Prince and Other Writings, authors: Antonio Gramsci
Emily of New Moon (Emily  #1), authors: L.M. Montgomery
The Selected Journals Of L.M. Montgomery  Vol. 5: 1935-1942, authors: L.M. Montgomery, Mary Henley Rubio, Elizabeth Hillman Waterston
Against the Odds: Tales of Achievement, authors: L.M. Montgomery, Rea Wilmshurst
Anne of Avonlea, authors: L.M. Montgomery, Susan O'Malley
A Tangled Web, authors: L.M. Montgomery
The Complete Anne of Green Gables Boxed Set (Anne of Green Gables  #1-8), authors: L.M. Montgomery
Pat of Silver Bush (Pat  #1), authors: L.M. Montgomery
Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories  Volume I, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle
The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Short Stories, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Leslie S. Klinger
The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes: The Novels, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Leslie S. Klinger
The Science of Sherlock Holmes: From Baskerville Hall to the Valley of Fear  the Real Forensics Behind the Great Detective's Greatest Cases, authors: E.J. Wagner
Sherlock Holmes: A Baker Street Dozen, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, John Gielgud, Ralph Richardson, Orson Welles
Sherlock Holmes: The Unauthorized Biography, authors: Nick Rennison
Murder by Moonlight & Other Mysteries (New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes 19-24), authors: NOT A BOOK
The Mysteries of Sherlock Holmes, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Paul Bachem
The Complete Adventures and Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle
The Unfortunate Tobacconist & Other Mysteries (Sherlock Holmes 1-6), authors: NOT A BOOK
Personal Finance For Dummies, authors: Eric Tyson
Personal Finance for Dummies, authors: Eric Tyson, Rich Tennant
Catching Alice, authors: Clare Naylor
The Dream Giver, authors: Bruce H. Wilkinson, David Kopp, Heather Harpham Kopp
The Giver (The Giver  #1), authors: Lois Lowry
The Wish Giver: Three Tales of Coven Tree, authors: Bill Brittain, Andrew Glass
Indian Givers: How the Indians of the Americas Transformed the World, authors: Jack Weatherford
The Last Life, authors: Claire Messud
The Hunters, authors: Claire Messud
When the World Was Steady, authors: Claire Messud
The Sea, authors: John Banville
The Sea, authors: John Banville
The Book of Evidence (The Freddie Montgomery Trilogy #1), authors: John Banville
Athena (The Freddie Montgomery Trilogy #3), authors: John Banville
Doctor Copernicus  (The Revolutions Trilogy #1), authors: John Banville
Shroud (The Cleave Trilogy #2), authors: John Banville
Ghosts, authors: John Banville
On Beauty, authors: Zadie Smith
A Great and Terrible Beauty (Gemma Doyle #1), authors: Libba Bray
The Black Book of Hollywood Beauty Secrets, authors: Kym Douglas, Cindy Pearlman
Black Beauty, authors: Anna Sewell
Truth and Beauty, authors: Ann Patchett
The Life of Graham Greene  Vol. 1: 1904-1939, authors: Norman Sherry
Complete Short Stories, authors: Graham Greene, Pico Iyer
The Power and the Glory, authors: Graham Greene, John Updike
The Heart of the Matter, authors: Graham Greene
Orient Express, authors: Graham Greene, Christopher Hitchens
Journey Without Maps, authors: Graham Greene, Paul Theroux
The Quiet American, authors: Graham Greene, Robert  Stone
Collected Short Stories, authors: Graham Greene
The Third Man & The Fallen Idol, authors: Graham Greene
The Tenth Man, authors: Graham Greene
The Autograph Man, authors: Zadie Smith
White Teeth, authors: Zadie Smith
Stranger than Fiction, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Great Short Works of Herman Melville, authors: Herman Melville, Warner Berthoff
Selected Poems of Herman Melville, authors: Herman Melville, Robert Penn Warren
Redburn / White-Jacket / Moby-Dick, authors: Herman Melville, G. Thomas Tanselle
Pierre / Israel Potter / The Piazza Tales / The Confidence-Man / Uncollected Prose / Billy Budd, authors: Herman Melville, Harrison Hayford
Redburn, authors: Herman Melville, Harold Beaver
Typee / Omoo / Mardi, authors: Herman Melville, G. Thomas Tanselle
Harriet Spies Again (Harriet the Spy Adventures  #1), authors: Helen Ericson
Harriet the Spy  Double Agent (Harriet the Spy Adventures), authors: Maya Gold
Moonraker (James Bond  #3), authors: Ian Fleming
Moonraker's Bride, authors: Madeleine Brent
Dr No / Moonraker / Thunderball / From Russia with Love / On Her Majesty's Secret Service / Goldfinger, authors: Ian Fleming
Casino Royale (James Bond  #1), authors: Ian Fleming
Goldfinger (James Bond  #7), authors: Ian Fleming
On Her Majesty's Secret Service (James Bond  #11), authors: Ian Fleming
Octopussy & the Living Daylights (James Bond  #14), authors: Ian Fleming
Book of Sketches, authors: Jack Kerouac, George Condo
The Dharma Bums, authors: Jack Kerouac
Book of Haikus, authors: Jack Kerouac
The Subterraneans, authors: Jack Kerouac
Ballet Shoes, authors: Noel Streatfeild
Theater Shoes (Shoes  #4), authors: Noel Streatfeild, Diane Goode
Movie Shoes (Shoes  #6), authors: Noel Streatfeild
Party Shoes (Shoes  #5), authors: Noel Streatfeild
Thursday's Child (Margaret Thursday  #1), authors: Noel Streatfeild
Miss Happiness and Miss Flower, authors: Rumer Godden, Gary Blythe
The River, authors: Rumer Godden
The Dolls' House, authors: Rumer Godden, Christian Birmingham
China Court: The Hours of a Country House, authors: Rumer Godden
Rumer Godden, authors: Anne Chisholm
The Corrections, authors: Jonathan Franzen
Creative Correction: Extraordinary Ideas For Everyday Discipline, authors: Lisa Whelchel, Stormie Omartian
Original Sin (Adam Dalgliesh #9), authors: P.D. James
Original Sin: Illuminating the Riddle, authors: Henri Blocher
An Original Sin, authors: Nina Bangs
Aliens: Original Sin, authors: Michael Jan Friedman
Death in Holy Orders (Adam Dalgliesh  #11), authors: P.D. James, Christa Seibicke
The Lighthouse (Adam Dalgliesh #13), authors: P.D. James
Unnatural Causes (Adam Dalgliesh #3), authors: P.D. James
Death of an Expert Witness (Adam Dalgliesh #6), authors: P.D. James
A Mind To Murder (Adam Dalgliesh  #2), authors: P.D. James
A Taste for Death (Adam Dalgliesh  #7), authors: P.D. James
Time To Be In Earnest: A Fragment Of Autobiography, authors: P.D. James
Cover Her Face (Adam Dalgliesh #1), authors: P.D. James
The Black Tower (Adam Dalgliesh #5), authors: P.D. James
Innocent Blood, authors: P.D. James
Don Quixote, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Edith Grossman, Harold Bloom
Don Quixote, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, John Rutherford, Roberto González Echevarría
Don Quixote, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Walter Starkie
Don Quixote, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Tobias Smollett, Carlos Fuentes
Lectures on Don Quixote, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Fredson Bowers, Guy Davenport, Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Samuel Putnam
Cliffs Notes on Cervantes' Don Quixote, authors: Marianne Sturman
Desert Heat (Joanna Brady  #1), authors: J.A. Jance
Kentucky Heat, authors: Fern Michaels
Heat Wave: A Social Autopsy of Disaster in Chicago, authors: Eric Klinenberg
Texas Heat (Texas  #2), authors: Fern Michaels
Primal Heat (Includes: Breeds  #8.5; Devlin Dynasty  #1; Moon Lust  #1), authors: Lora Leigh, Sherri L. King, Lorie O'Clare, Jaci Burton
Heat and Dust, authors: Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
Holy Cow: An Indian Adventure, authors: Sarah Macdonald
Holy Cows and Hog Heaven: The Food Buyer's Guide to Farm Friendly Food, authors: Joel Salatin, Michael Pollan
The History of Love, authors: Nicole Krauss
A Brief History of Time, authors: Stephen Hawking
A Short History of Nearly Everything, authors: Bill Bryson
The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History, authors: Thomas E. Woods Jr.
A History of the World in 6 Glasses, authors: Tom Standage
A History of God: The 4 000-Year Quest of Judaism  Christianity  and Islam, authors: Karen Armstrong
The Sun Also Rises, authors: Ernest Hemingway, William Hurt
The Bon Appetit Cookbook, authors: Barbara Fairchild
The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook, authors: Ina Garten, Melanie Acevedo
Into a Paris Quartier: Reine Margot's Chapel and Other Haunts of St. Germain, authors: Diane Johnson
Sylvia, authors: Leonard Michaels, Diane Johnson
The Life Of Dashiell Hammett, authors: Diane Johnson
Divorcio a la Francesa: Le Divorce, authors: Diane Johnson, Carlos Milla Soler, Roberto Fernandez Sastre
London is the Best City in America, authors: Laura Dave
Hyperion (Los Cantos de Hyperion  #1), authors: Dan Simmons, Carlos Alberto Gardini
The Fall of Hyperion (Hyperion Cantos  #2), authors: Dan Simmons
Supreme Power: Hyperion, authors: J. Michael Straczynski, Dan Jurgens
Die Hyperion-Gesänge, authors: Dan Simmons, Joachim Körber
La Chute d'Hypérion II, authors: Dan Simmons, Guy Abadia
Endymion, authors: Dan Simmons, Guy Abadia
Olympos (Ilium  #2), authors: Dan Simmons
Ilium (Ilium  #1), authors: Dan Simmons
The Terror, authors: Dan Simmons
Worlds Enough & Time: Five Tales of Speculative Fiction, authors: Dan Simmons
Hard Freeze (Joe Kurtz  #2), authors: Dan Simmons
Endymion (Hyperion Cantos  #3), authors: Dan Simmons
A Winter Haunting (Seasons of Horror  #2), authors: Dan Simmons
The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay, authors: Michael Chabon
The Amazing Adventures of the Escapist: Volume 1, authors: Michael Chabon, Glen David Gold, Bill Sienkiewicz, Howard Chaykin, Gene Colan, Steve Lieber, Eric Wight, Kevin  McCarthy
The Great House of God, authors: Max Lucado
The Valkyries, authors: Paulo Coelho, Alan R. Clarke
The Devil and Miss Prym (On the Seventh Day  #3), authors: Paulo Coelho, Amanda Hopkinson, Nick Caistor
Nine Stories, authors: J.D. Salinger
The Sun Rises: and Other Questions About Time and Seasons, authors: Brenda Walpole
American Psycho, authors: Bret Easton Ellis
Lunar Park, authors: Bret Easton Ellis
The Burden of Proof (Kindle County Legal Thriller #2), authors: Scott Turow
Godless, authors: Pete Hautman
That Godless Court?: Supreme Court Decisions on Church-State Relationships, authors: Ronald B. Flowers
Soul Mates: Honouring the Mysteries of Love and Relationship, authors: Thomas  Moore
Soul Mates & Twin Flames: The Spiritual Dimension of Love & Relationships (Pocket Guide to Practical Spirituality), authors: Elizabeth Clare Prophet
Hot Chocolate for the Mystical Lover: 101 True Stories of Soul Mates Brought Together by Divine Intervention, authors: Arielle Ford, Deepak Chopra
Man's Search for Meaning, authors: Viktor E. Frankl, Harold S. Kushner, William J. Winslade, Isle Lasch
Man's Search for Meaning, authors: Viktor E. Frankl, Gordon W. Allport, Ilse Lasch
In Search of Memory: The Emergence of a New Science of Mind, authors: Eric R. Kandel
Search Engine Optimization for Dummies, authors: Peter Kent
The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master, authors: Andy Hunt, Dave Thomas
Behind Closed Doors: Secrets of Great Management, authors: Johanna Rothman, Esther Derby
Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, authors: Malcolm Gladwell
Blink 182, authors: Anne Hoppus
I Blink: And Other Questions About My Body, authors: Brigid Avison
The Great Good Thing (The Sylvie Cycle  #1), authors: Roderick Townley
The Great Good Place: Cafes  Coffee Shops  Bookstores  Bars  Hair Salons  and Other Hangouts at the Heart of a Community, authors: Ray Oldenburg
Built to Last: Successful Habits of Visionary Companies, authors: James C. Collins, Jerry I. Porras
I Like You: Hospitality Under the Influence, authors: Amy Sedaris
Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules, authors: David Sedaris, Richard Yates, Dorothy Parker, Joyce Carol Oates, Lorrie Moore, Flannery O'Connor, Amy Hempel, Akhil   Sharma, Tim Johnston, Tobias Wolff, Sarah Vowell, Charles Baxter, Jhumpa Lahiri, Katherine Mansfield, Alice Munro, Jean Thompson, Frank Gannon, Patricia Highsmith, Jincy Willett
Bringing Down The House, authors: Ben Mezrich
Read for Your Life: 11 Ways to Better Yourself Through Books, authors: Pat Williams, Peggy Matthews Rose
The Hip-Hop Church: Connecting with the Movement Shaping Our Culture, authors: Efrem Smith, Phil   Jackson
The Final Season: Fathers  Sons  and One Last Season in a Classic American Ballpark, authors: Tom Stanton
The Cold Six Thousand (Underworld USA #2), authors: James Ellroy
White Teeth, authors: Zadie Smith
White Teeth, authors: Zadie Smith
White Teeth, authors: Zadie Smith
Schiffbruch mit Zuschauer. Paradigma einer Daseinsmetapher, authors: Hans Blumenberg
The Guide to Dan Brown's the Solomon Key, authors: Greg  Taylor
The Da Vinci Code (Robert Langdon  #2), authors: Dan Brown
Angels & Demons (Robert Langdon  #1), authors: Dan Brown
The Illuminati, authors: Larry Burkett
The Illuminati Papers, authors: Robert Anton Wilson
The Da Vinci Code, authors: Dan Brown
The Da Vinci Code (Robert Langdon  #2), authors: Dan Brown, Paul Michael
El código Da Vinci (Robert Langdon  #2), authors: Dan Brown, Juanjo Estrella
Truth and Fiction in The Da Vinci Code: A Historian Reveals What We Really Know about Jesus  Mary Magdalene & Constantine, authors: Bart D. Ehrman
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Harry Potter  #3), authors: J.K. Rowling
Housekeeping vs. the Dirt, authors: Nick Hornby, Sarah Vowell, Jess Walter, Jennie Erdal, Joshua Ferris
The Polysyllabic Spree, authors: Nick Hornby
Songbook, authors: Nick Hornby
My Favorite Year: A Collection of Football Writing, authors: Nick Hornby, D.J. Taylor, Huw Richards, Chris Pierson, Roddy Doyle, Harry Ritchie, Harry Pearson, Olly Wicken, Graham Brack, Matt Nation, Ed Horton, Don  Watson
Fever Pitch, authors: Nick Hornby
High Fidelity, authors: Nick Hornby
About a Boy, authors: Nick Hornby
The Complete Polysyllabic Spree, authors: Nick Hornby
Medicus (Gaius Petreius Ruso  #1), authors: Ruth Downie
Middlesex Borough (Images of America: New Jersey), authors: Middlesex Borough Heritage Committee
David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest: A Reader's Guide, authors: Stephen J. Burn
Scar Tissue, authors: Anthony Kiedis
Monsieur Ibrahim et les fleurs du Coran, authors: Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt
Zaat, authors: Sonallah Ibrahim, صنع الله إبراهيم, Anthony Calderbank
Dreamland, authors: Sarah Dessen
End Game (Dreamland  #8), authors: Dale Brown, Jim DeFelice
H. P. Lovecraft's Dreamlands (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Chris  Williams, Sandy Petersen
Dreamland (Dreamland  #1), authors: Dale Brown, Jim DeFelice
Satan's Tail (Dreamland  #7), authors: Dale Brown, Jim DeFelice
The Zanzibar Chest, authors: Aidan Hartley
Dispatches from the Edge: A Memoir of War  Disasters  and Survival, authors: Anderson Cooper
Dispatches, authors: Michael Herr
Dispatch, authors: Bentley Little
Dispatches from the Tenth Circle: The Best of the Onion, authors: Robert D. Siegel, Todd Hanson, Carol Kolb, The Onion
Hello! Is That Grandma?, authors: Ian Whybrow, Deborah Allwright
How Much is That Guinea Pig in the Window?, authors: Joanne Rocklin, Meredith Johnson
My War Gone By  I Miss It So, authors: Anthony Loyd
Night Draws Near: Iraq's People in the Shadow of America's War, authors: Anthony Shadid
Maximum City: Bombay Lost and Found, authors: Suketu Mehta
Catfish and Mandala: A Two-Wheeled Voyage Through the Landscape and Memory of Vietnam, authors: Andrew X. Pham
When Broken Glass Floats: Growing Up Under the Khmer Rouge, authors: Chanrithy Him
First They Killed My Father: A Daughter of Cambodia Remembers, authors: Loung Ung
Fahrenheit 451, authors: Ray Bradbury, Christopher Hurt
Los funerales de la Mamá Grande, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Collected Novellas, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa, J.S. Bernstein
The Grapes of Wrath, authors: John Steinbeck, Robert DeMott, Mick Wiggins
CliffsNotes on Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath, authors: Kelly McGrath Vlcek, CliffsNotes, John Steinbeck
The Grapes of Wrath, authors: John Steinbeck
American Gods, authors: Neil Gaiman
American Gospel: God  the Founding Fathers  and the Making of a Nation, authors: Jon Meacham
American Gods (American Gods  #1), authors: Neil Gaiman
East of Eden, authors: John Steinbeck
Eden in the East: The Drowned Continent of Southeast Asia, authors: Stephen Oppenheimer
East Of Eden, authors: John Steinbeck
Who Was John F. Kennedy?, authors: Yona Zeldis McDonough, Nancy Harrison, Jill Weber
The Radical Right & the Murder of John F. Kennedy: Stunning Evidence in the Assassination of the President, authors: Harrison Edward Livingstone
An Unfinished Life: John F. Kennedy  1917-1963, authors: Robert Dallek
Sellevision, authors: Augusten Burroughs
Dry, authors: Augusten Burroughs
Running with Scissors, authors: Augusten Burroughs
People of the Lie: The Hope for Healing Human Evil, authors: M. Scott Peck
The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love  Traditional Values  and Spiritual Growth, authors: M. Scott Peck
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle
A Prayer for Owen Meany, authors: John Irving
Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science, authors: Atul Gawande, Susanne Kuhlmann-Krieg
Sad Underwear and Other Complications: More Poems for Children and Their Parents, authors: Judith Viorst, Richard  Hull
Bridget Jones: The Edge Of Reason (Bridget Jones #2), authors: Helen Fielding
Bridget Jones's Guide to Life, authors: Helen Fielding
Las luces de septiembre (Niebla  #3), authors: Carlos Ruiz Zafón
A Framework for Understanding Poverty, authors: Ruby K. Payne
El príncipe de la niebla (Trilogía de la Niebla  #1), authors: Carlos Ruiz Zafón
The Shadow of the Wind, authors: Carlos Ruiz Zafón, Lucia Graves
Ruby for Rails: Ruby Techniques for Rails Developers, authors: David A. Black, David Heinemeier Hansson
About the B'nai Bagels, authors: E.L. Konigsburg
The Far Side of Evil, authors: Sylvia Engdahl
Enchantress from the Stars, authors: Sylvia Engdahl, Lois Lowry
Everything Is Illuminated, authors: Jonathan Safran Foer
Everything Is Illuminated, authors: Jonathan Safran Foer
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, authors: Jonathan Safran Foer
Genome: the Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters, authors: Matt Ridley
Bioinformatics: Sequence and Genome Analysis, authors: David W. Mount
The Genome War: How Craig Venter Tried to Capture the Code of Life and Save the World, authors: James Shreeve
Carter Beats the Devil, authors: Glen David Gold
Moo  Baa  La La La!, authors: Sandra Boynton
Click  Clack  Moo: Cows That Type, authors: Doreen Cronin, Betsy Lewin
Dooby Dooby Moo, authors: Doreen Cronin, Betsy Lewin
Moo, authors: Jane Smiley
Sailor Moo: Cow at Sea, authors: Lisa Wheeler, Ponder Goembel
CliffsNotes on Heller's Catch-22, authors: Charles A. Peek, CliffsNotes, Joseph Heller
Catch-22, authors: Joseph Heller
Geisha, authors: Liza Dalby
Does Anything Eat Wasps?: And 101 Other Unsettling  Witty Answers to Questions You Never Thought You Wanted to Ask, authors: New Scientist, Mick O'Hare
Chronik eines angekündigten Todes, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Curt Meyer-Clason
The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway, authors: Ernest Hemingway, John Hemingway, Patrick Hemingway, Gregory H. Hemingway, Charles Scribner Jr.
Hemingway & Bailey's Bartending Guide to Great American Writers, authors: Mark Bailey, Edward Hemingway
For Whom The Bell Tolls, authors: Ernest Hemingway
A Moveable Feast, authors: Ernest Hemingway
Islands in the Stream, authors: Ernest Hemingway
Berlin Blues, authors: Sven Regener, John Brownjohn
The Short Stories, authors: Ernest Hemingway
Hemingway's Cats: An Illustrated Biography, authors: Carlene Fredericka Brennen, Hilary Hemingway
The Ernest Hemingway Audio Collection, authors: Ernest Hemingway, Charlton Heston
Until I Find You, authors: John Irving
The Imaginary Girlfriend, authors: John Irving
The Fourth Hand, authors: John Irving
The Water-Method Man, authors: John Irving
Setting Free the Bears, authors: John Irving
The 158-Pound Marriage, authors: John Irving
The Short Stories, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Matthew J. Bruccoli
A Life in Letters, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Matthew J. Bruccoli
On Authorship, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Matthew J. Bruccoli, Judith S. Baughman
The St. Paul Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Dave Page, Patricia Hampl
Tender is the Night, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Arnold Goldman, Richard Godden
The Great Gatsby, authors: Kathleen Parkinson, F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Great Gatsby, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tim Robbins
The Great Gatsby, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Alexander Scourby
Cliffs Notes on Fitzgerald's the Great Gatsby, authors: Kate Maurer, F. Scott Fitzgerald, CliffsNotes
The Great Gatsby, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald
Limitations (Kindle County Legal Thriller #7), authors: Scott Turow
Reversible Errors (Kindle County Legal Thriller #6), authors: Scott Turow
The Laws Of Our Fathers (Kindle County Legal Thriller #4), authors: Scott Turow
Personal Injuries (Kindle County Legal Thriller #5), authors: Scott Turow
One L: The Turbulent True Story of a First Year at Harvard Law School, authors: Scott Turow
Ultimate Punishment, authors: Scott Turow
The Physician (Cole Family Trilogy  #1), authors: Noah Gordon
Matters of Choice (Cole Family Trilogy  #3), authors: Noah Gordon, Mirjana Cvekić, Ljiljana Cvekić
The Rabbi, authors: Noah Gordon
The Last Jew, authors: Noah Gordon, Mirjana Cvekić, Ljiljana Cvekić
The Frequencies, authors: Noah Eli Gordon
Chamán (Familia Cole  #2), authors: Noah Gordon, Elsa Mateo
The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea: Poems, authors: Mark Haddon
Ocean Star Express, authors: Mark Haddon, Peter   Sutton
The Damned and the Beautiful: American Youth in the 1920's, authors: Paula S. Fass
This Side of Paradise (Paradise  #1), authors: Steven L. Layne
Trimalchio, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, James L.W. West III
Souvenir of Canada 2, authors: Douglas Coupland
Souvenir of Canada, authors: Douglas Coupland
The Illustrated Art of War, authors: Sun Tzu, Samuel B. Griffith
World War 3 Illustrated: Confrontational Comics, authors: Scott   Cunningham, Peter Kuper, Seth Tobocman, Sabrina Jones
Master Index: An Illustrated Guide, authors: Time-Life Books
A New Hope: The Illustrated Screenplay (Star Wars  Episode IV), authors: George Lucas
Soul of the Sword: An Illustrated History of Weaponry and Warfare from Prehistory to the Present, authors: Robert L. O'Connell, John    Batchelor
Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace Illustrated Screenplay, authors: George Lucas
Warfare in the Classical World: An Illustrated Encyclopedia of Weapons  Warriors  and Warfare in the Ancient Civilizations of Greece and Rome, authors: John Warry, Phillip de ste. Croix
The Winter of Our Discontent, authors: John Steinbeck, Susan Shillinglaw
Cannery Row, authors: John Steinbeck
The Grapes of Wrath and Other Writings 1936–1941: The Long Valley / The Grapes of Wrath / The Log from the Sea of Cortez / The Harvest Gypsies, authors: John Steinbeck, Elaine Steinbeck, Robert DeMott
Tortilla Flat, authors: John Steinbeck
The Log from the Sea of Cortez, authors: John Steinbeck, Richard Astro
The Illustrated Longitude: The True Story of a Lone Genius Who Solved the Greatest Scientific Problem of His Time, authors: Dava Sobel, William J.H. Andrewes, William J. H. Andrewes
Longitude: The True Story of a Lone Genius Who Solved the Greatest Scientific Problem of His Time, authors: Dava Sobel, Neil Armstrong
Latitude and Longitude (Rookie Read-About Geography), authors: Rebecca Aberg, Jeanne Clidas
The Quest for Longitude: The Proceedings of the Longitude Symposium  Harvard University  Cambridge  Massachusetts  November 4-6  1993, authors: William Andrewes
1421: The Year China Discovered America, authors: Gavin Menzies
Dr. Desirable, authors: Kristi Gold
Mayflower: A Story of Courage  Community  and War, authors: Nathaniel Philbrick
Before the Mayflower: A History of Black America, authors: Lerone Bennett Jr.
Before The Mayflower A History of Black America, authors: Lerone Bennett Jr.
Shalimar the Clown, authors: Salman Rushdie
Midnight's Children, authors: Salman Rushdie
Haroun and the Sea of Stories (Khalifa Brothers  #1), authors: Salman Rushdie, Paul Birkbeck
Fury, authors: Salman Rushdie
Code Complete, authors: Steve McConnell
Dale Carnegie's Lifetime Plan for Success: How to Win Friends and Influence People & How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, authors: Dale Carnegie
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, authors: Dale Carnegie
How To Enjoy Your Life And Your Job, authors: Dale Carnegie, Dorothy Carnegie
The Leader In You: How to Win Friends  Influence People and Succeed in a Changing World, authors: Dale Carnegie, Stuart R. Levine, Michael A. Crom
The Drama of the Gifted Child: The Search for the True Self, authors: Alice   Miller, Ruth Ward
The Drama of the Gifted Child: The Search for the True Self, authors: Alice   Miller
Who Moved My Cheese?, authors: Spencer Johnson, Kenneth H. Blanchard
Blue Ocean Strategy: How to Create Uncontested Market Space and Make the Competition Irrelevant, authors: W. Chan Kim, Renée Mauborgne
Heart of Darkness, authors: Joseph Conrad
Heart of Darkness and Other Tales, authors: Joseph Conrad, Cedric Watts
Heart of Darkness, authors: Joseph Conrad
Teacher Man (Frank McCourt  #3), authors: Frank McCourt
Angela's Ashes, authors: Frank McCourt
Three Men in a Boat (Three Men  #1), authors: Jerome K. Jerome
Three Men in a Boat: To Say Nothing of the Dog, authors: Jerome K. Jerome
Three Men in a Boat: To Say Nothing of the Dog, authors: Jerome K. Jerome
Three Men in a Boat, authors: Jerome K. Jerome
Three Men in a Boat and Three Men on the Bummel, authors: Jerome K. Jerome, Jeremy Lewis
Kafka on the Shore, authors: Haruki Murakami, Philip Gabriel
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Constance Garnett, Manuel Komroff, John Bayley
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Fyodor Dostoevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, David McDuff
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Simon Vance, Thomas R. Beyer Jr.
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Constance Garnett, Maire Jaanus
CliffsNotes on Dostoevsky's The Brothers Karamazov, authors: James Lamar Roberts, Gary Carey
Hungry Planet, authors: Peter Menzel, Faith D'Aluisio
The Very Hungry Caterpillar, authors: Eric Carle
The Little Mouse  the Red Ripe Strawberry and the Big Hungry Bear, authors: Don    Wood
One Hundred Hungry Ants, authors: Elinor J. Pinczes, Bonnie Mackain
The Hungry Tide, authors: Amitav Ghosh
Feeding the Hungry Heart: The Experience of Compulsive Eating, authors: Geneen Roth
What Is the What, authors: Dave Eggers
A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius, authors: Dave Eggers
You Shall Know Our Velocity!, authors: Dave Eggers
How We Are Hungry, authors: Dave Eggers
How We Are Hungry: Stories, authors: Dave Eggers
Merry Christmas  Stinky Face, authors: Lisa McCourt, Cyd Moore
Love You Until--, authors: Lisa McCourt, Cyd Moore
Year of Wonders, authors: Geraldine Brooks
The Wonder Years: Helping Your Baby and Young Child Successfully Negotiate the Major Developmental Milestones, authors: Tanya Remer Altmann, American Academy of Pediatrics
Wolves of the Calla (The Dark Tower  #5), authors: Stephen King, Bernie Wrightson
A Man Without a Country, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Daniel Simon
Slaughterhouse-Five, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle (Modern Critical Interpretations), authors: Harold Bloom, Terry Southern, David H. Goldsmith, James Lundquist, Lawrence R. Broer, Peter J. Reed, Loree Rackstraw, William S. Doxey, Jerome Klinkowitz, Richard Giannone, John L. Simons, Leonard Mustazza, Zoltan Ab di-Nagy, Peter Freese, Wendy B. Faris
God Bless You  Dr. Kevorkian, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Jailbird, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Fates Worse Than Death, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
The Red Tent, authors: Anita Diamant
Inside the Red Tent, authors: Sandra Hack Polaski
Anita Diamant's The Red Tent: A Reader's Guide, authors: Ann Finding
La Jeune fille à la perle, authors: Tracy Chevalier, Marie-Odile Fortier-Masek
Iron Kingdom: The Rise and Downfall of Prussia  1600–1947, authors: Christopher   Clark
Downfall (Dragonlance: Dhamon Saga  #1), authors: Jean Rabe
Berlin: The Downfall  1945, authors: Antony Beevor
El azul de la virgen, authors: Tracy Chevalier
Saturday, authors: Ian McEwan
I Love Saturdays y domingos, authors: Alma Flor Ada, Elivia Savadier
A Dangerous Fortune, authors: Ken Follett
The Man From St. Petersburg, authors: Ken Follett
Night Over Water, authors: Ken Follett
The Truth about the Drug Companies: How They Deceive Us and What to Do about It, authors: Marcia Angell
La verdad acerca de las Industrias Farmacéuticas: cómo nos engaña y qué hacer al respecto, authors: Marcia Angell
Jackdaws, authors: Ken Follett
Whiteout, authors: Ken Follett, David Tennant
Jackdaws, authors: Ken Follett
Battle Angel Alita - Last Order : Angel's Vision  Vol. 08, authors: Yukito Kishiro
Battle Angel Alita - Last Order : Guilty Angel  Vol. 07, authors: Yukito Kishiro
Gunnm Last Order  Tome 01, authors: Yukito Kishiro
Your Inner Physician and You: CranioSacral Therapy and SomatoEmotional Release, authors: John E. Upledger
My Life in France, authors: Julia Child, Alex Prud'Homme
A Short History of Nearly Everything (Illustrated Edition), authors: Bill Bryson
The Drawing of the Three (The Dark Tower  #2), authors: Stephen King
The Handmaid's Tale, authors: Margaret Atwood, Valerie Martin
The Handmaid's Tale, authors: Margaret Atwood
The Catcher in the Rye, authors: J.D. Salinger
The Catcher in the Rye - Barron's Book Notes, authors: Barron's
Franny and Zooey, authors: J.D. Salinger
Raise High the Roof Beam  Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction, authors: J.D. Salinger
The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell, authors: Aldous Huxley
Brave New World, authors: Aldous Huxley
Island, authors: Aldous Huxley
The Perennial Philosophy, authors: Aldous Huxley
Huxley and God: Essays on Religious Experience, authors: Aldous Huxley, Huston Smith, Jacqueline Hazard Bridgeman
Moksha: Writings on Psychedelics & the Visionary Experience, authors: Aldous Huxley, Michael Horowitz, Cynthia Palmer
Point Counter Point, authors: Aldous Huxley
After Many a Summer Dies the Swan, authors: Aldous Huxley
The Flame Trees of Thika: Memories of an African Childhood, authors: Elspeth Huxley
The Devil Wears Prada (The Devil Wears Prada  #1), authors: Lauren Weisberger
Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things: A Reader's Guide, authors: Julie Mullaney
A Separate Peace, authors: John Knowles, David Levithan
Black and Blue, authors: Anna Quindlen
A Virtuous Woman, authors: Kaye Gibbons
Here on Earth, authors: Alice Hoffman
The Heart of a Woman, authors: Maya Angelou
The Deep End of the Ocean (Cappadora Family  #1), authors: Jacquelyn Mitchard
Cane River, authors: Lalita Tademy
Where the Heart Is, authors: Billie Letts
Oprah Winfrey, authors: Katherine E. Krohn
Drowning Ruth, authors: Christina Schwarz
Fall on Your Knees, authors: Ann-Marie MacDonald
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day (Idlewild  #1), authors: Pearl Cleage
While I Was Gone, authors: Sue Miller
Mother of Pearl, authors: Melinda Haynes
Breath  Eyes  Memory, authors: Edwidge Danticat
The Book of Ruth, authors: Jane Hamilton
Open House, authors: Elizabeth Berg
The Pilot's Wife, authors: Anita Shreve
Tara Road, authors: Maeve Binchy
A Lesson Before Dying, authors: Ernest J. Gaines
Paradise, authors: Toni Morrison
The Treasure Hunt: A Little Bill Book, authors: Bill Cosby, Varnette P. Honeywood
She's Come Undone, authors: Wally Lamb
We Were the Mulvaneys, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
A Map of the World, authors: Jane Hamilton, Frank  Muller, C.J. Critt
Daughter of Fortune, authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden
The Meanest Thing To Say, authors: Bill Cosby, Varnette P. Honeywood, Varnette Hon Eywood
The Good Earth (House of Earth  #1), authors: Pearl S. Buck
A Fine Balance, authors: Rohinton Mistry
The Best Way to Play: A Little Bill Book, authors: Bill Cosby, Varnette P. Honeywood, Varnette Honeywood
White Oleander, authors: Janet Fitch
Cry  the Beloved Country, authors: Alan Paton
One Hundred Years of Solitude, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa
Song of Solomon, authors: Toni Morrison
One Hundred Years of Solitude, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa
The Bluest Eye, authors: Toni Morrison
The Poisonwood Bible, authors: Barbara Kingsolver
Vergeef me, authors: Wally Lamb, Inge de Heer
The Crusader: Ronald Reagan and the Fall of Communism, authors: Paul Kengor
Ronald Reagan: How an Ordinary Man Became an Extraordinary Leader, authors: Dinesh D'Souza
Ethan Frome and Summer, authors: Edith Wharton, Elizabeth Strout
Collected Stories  1891-1910, authors: Edith Wharton, Maureen Howard
A Backward Glance, authors: Edith Wharton, Louis Auchincloss
The Best Short Stories of Edith Wharton, authors: Edith Wharton
Complete Works of Oscar Wilde, authors: Oscar Wilde, Merlin Holland
Oscar Wilde, authors: Richard Ellmann
An Ideal Husband, authors: Oscar Wilde
The Picture of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde, Jeffrey Eugenides
De Profundis and Other Writings, authors: Oscar Wilde, Hesketh Pearson
Sense and Sensuality: Jesus Talks to Oscar Wilde on the Pursuit of Pleasure (Great Conversations), authors: Ravi Zacharias
Travels with Charley: In Search of America, authors: John Steinbeck
Novels and Stories 1932–1937: The Pastures of Heaven / To a God Unknown / Tortilla Flat / In Dubious Battle / Of Mice and Men, authors: John Steinbeck, Elaine Steinbeck, Robert DeMott
The Pearl, authors: John Steinbeck
The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck, authors: Don Rosa
The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck Companion, authors: Don Rosa
The Last Christmas of Ebenezer Scrooge, authors: Marvin Kaye
Uncle Scrooge #359, authors: Don Rosa, Carl Barks, Lars Jensen, Pat McGreal, Carol McGreal, Frank Jonker, Romano Scarpa, Mau Heymans, José Massaroli
A Christmas Story, authors: Jean Shepherd
My First Story of Christmas, authors: Tim Dowley, Roger Langton
The Christmas Story, authors: Jane Werner Watson, Eloise Wilkin
A Christmas Carol, authors: Charles Dickens, P.J. Lynch
A Christmas Carol, authors: Charles Dickens
The Annotated Christmas Carol, authors: Charles Dickens, Michael Patrick Hearn, John Leech
Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol, authors: Jane Parker Resnick, Christian Birmingham
Little Dorrit, authors: Charles Dickens, Hablot Knight Browne, David Gates
A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Writings, authors: Charles Dickens, Michael Slater
The Life of Our Lord: Written for His Children During the Years 1846 to 1849, authors: Charles Dickens
Hard Times, authors: Charles Dickens
The Innocent Man: Murder and Injustice in a Small Town, authors: John Grisham
The Last Juror, authors: John Grisham
The Testament, authors: John Grisham, Jorma-Veikko Sappinen
The Rainmaker, authors: John Grisham
The Partner, authors: John Grisham
The Street Lawyer, authors: John Grisham
The Summons, authors: John Grisham
The Brethren, authors: John Grisham
The King of Torts, authors: John Grisham
Skipping Christmas, authors: John Grisham
The Firm, authors: Robin Waterfield, John Grisham
The Client, authors: John Grisham
A Painted House, authors: John Grisham
The Summons / The Brethren, authors: John Grisham, Michael Beck, Frank  Muller
Dragonfly in Amber (Outlander  #2), authors: Diana Gabaldon
Forever Amber, authors: Kathleen Winsor
Amber Brown Is Green With Envy, authors: Paula Danziger, Tony Ross
Amber Brown Is Not a Crayon, authors: Paula Danziger, Tony Ross
Amber and Ashes (Dragonlance: The Dark Disciple  #1), authors: Margaret Weis
The Waste Lands (The Dark Tower  #3), authors: Stephen King, Ned Dameron
The Dragon's Eye (Dragonology Chronicles  #1), authors: Dugald A. Steer, Douglas Carrel
The Dragon's Eye (Erec Rex  #1), authors: Kaza Kingsley, Melvyn Grant
Dragon's Eye (Stonefort  #1), authors: James A. Hetley
Dragon's Eye, authors: Christopher Stasheff, William R. Forstchen, Nick DiChario, S.N. Lewitt, Bill Fawcett, Mike Resnick, Mickey Zucker Reichert, S.M. Stirling, Diane Duane, Jody Lynn Nye, Roland J. Green, Teresa Patterson, Judith R. Conly
Stand Back " Said the Elephant  "I'm Going to Sneeze!, authors: Patricia Thomas, Wallace Tripp
Here I Stand: A Life of Martin Luther, authors: Roland H. Bainton
The Stand: Das letzte Gefecht, authors: Stephen King, Joachim Körber
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King, Jerry N. Uelsmann
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King, Ron McLarty
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King
Carrie / 'Salem's Lot / The Shining, authors: Stephen King
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King
Orientalism, authors: Edward W. Said
Interpreter of Maladies, authors: Jhumpa Lahiri
The Faiths of the Founding Fathers, authors: David L. Holmes
Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood  #3), authors: Ann Brashares
Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood  #4), authors: Ann Brashares
Junie B.  First Grader: Cheater Pants (Junie B. Jones  #21), authors: Barbara Park, Denise Brunkus
Nineteen Eighty-Four, authors: George Orwell, Thomas Pynchon
Animal Farm / 1984, authors: George Orwell, Christopher Hitchens
1984, authors: George Orwell, Erich Fromm
Nineteen Eighty-Four, authors: George Orwell
Brave New World / Brave New World Revisited, authors: Aldous Huxley, Christopher Hitchens
Brave New World and Brave New World Revisited, authors: Aldous Huxley, Christopher Hitchens
Brave New World Revisited, authors: Aldous Huxley
Brave New World, authors: Aldous Huxley
Andrew Carnegie, authors: David Nasaw
The Cairo Trilogy: Palace Walk / Palace of Desire / Sugar Street (The Cairo Trilogy #1-3), authors: Naguib Mahfouz
Children of the Alley, authors: Naguib Mahfouz, Peter Theroux
Akhenaten: Dweller in Truth, authors: Naguib Mahfouz, Tagreid Abu-Hassabo
Adrift on the Nile, authors: Naguib Mahfouz, Frances Liardet
Midaq Alley, authors: Naguib Mahfouz, Trevor Le Gassick
The Harafish, authors: Naguib Mahfouz, Catherine Cobham, Naguib Mahfouz
The Day the Leader Was Killed, authors: Naguib Mahfouz, Surgana, Naguib Mahfouz
Anne Frank Beyond the Diary: A Photographic Remembrance, authors: Ruud van der Rol, Rian Verhoeven, Anna Quindlen, Anne Frank, Tony   Langham, Plym Peters
Anne Frank Remembered: The Story of the Woman Who Helped to Hide the Frank Family, authors: Miep Gies, Alison Leslie Gold
The Diary of Anne Frank, authors: Frances Goodrich, Albert Hackett, Wendy Kesselman
Anne Frank: Life in Hiding, authors: Johanna Hurwitz, Vera Rosenberry
Cliffs Notes on Hansberry's A Raisin in the Sun, authors: Rosetta James
Dear John, authors: Nicholas Sparks
All the King's Men, authors: Robert Penn Warren
Cliffs notes on Warren's All the King's Men, authors: L. David Allen
All the King's Men: Three Stage Versions, authors: Robert Penn Warren, James A. Perkins, James A. Grimshaw
Men's Health: Book of Muscle - The World's Most Complete Guide to Building Your Body, authors: Ian King, Lou Schuler, Frederick Deluvier
Surely You're Joking  Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character, authors: Richard P. Feynman
The Feynman Lectures on Physics  3 Vols, authors: Richard P. Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, Matthew L. Sands
What Do You Care What Other People Think?, authors: Richard P. Feynman
Perfectly Reasonable Deviations from the Beaten Track: Letters of Richard P. Feynman, authors: Richard P. Feynman, Michelle Feynman
QED: The Strange Theory of Light and Matter, authors: Richard P. Feynman
Kiffe Kiffe Demain (French Edition), authors: Faïza Guène
iWoz, authors: Steve Wozniak, Gina Smith
Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way We Make Things, authors: William McDonough, Michael Braungart
Cradle and All, authors: James Patterson
The Creation of the American Republic  1776-1787, authors: Gordon S. Wood
Power  Faith  and Fantasy: America in the Middle East 1776 to the Present, authors: Michael B. Oren
Problems of the Self: Philosophical Papers 1956 1972, authors: Bernard Williams
Moral Luck: Philosophical Papers 1973-1980, authors: Bernard Williams
Ethics and the Limits of Philosophy, authors: Bernard Williams
On Rhetoric and Language: Four Key Dialogues, authors: Jean Nienkamp
The Norton Anthology of Modern and Contemporary Poetry, authors: Jahan Ramazani, Richard Ellmann, Robert O'Clair
The Elephant War, authors: Gillian Avery
The Wind in the Willows, authors: Kenneth Grahame, Gillian Avery
The Everyman Anthology of Poetry for Children, authors: Gillian Avery, Everyman's Library, Thomas Benwick
Holiday Romance and Other Writings for Children, authors: Charles Dickens
Ideas Have Consequences, authors: Richard M. Weaver
The Ethics of Rhetoric, authors: Richard M. Weaver
Manliness, authors: Harvey Mansfield
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
Selected Stories of Anton Chekhov, authors: Anton Chekhov, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
Mother Maria Skobtsova: Essential Writings, authors: Maria Skobtsova, Richard Pevear
What is Art?, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
The Complete Short Novels, authors: Anton Chekhov, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
The Double and The Gambler, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
The Adolescent, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
If I Die in a Combat Zone, authors: Tim O'Brien
If I Die In A Combat Zone, authors: Tim O'Brien
Rainbow Six (John Clark  #2; Jack Ryan Universe  #10), authors: Tom Clancy, David Dukes
Child of War  Woman of Peace, authors: Le Ly Hayslip, James Hayslip, Jenny Wurts
When Heaven and Earth Changed Places: A Vietnamese Woman's Journey from War to Peace, authors: Le Ly Hayslip, Jay Wurts
Philip Vera Cruz: A Personal History of Filipino Immigrants and the Farmworkers Movement, authors: Craig Scharlin, Lilia V. Villanueva
Coming of Age in Mississippi: The Classic Autobiography of a Young Black Girl in the Rural South, authors: Anne Moody
I'm Too Young To Be Seventy, authors: Judith Viorst, Laura Gibson
Seventy-Seven Clocks (Bryant & May #3), authors: Christopher Fowler
The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature, authors: Steven Pinker
The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language, authors: Steven Pinker
Learnability and Cognition: The Acquisition of Argument Structure, authors: Steven Pinker, Jacques A. Mehler
Fight Club, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
BSD Hacks, authors: Lavigne
The Design and Implementation of the 4.3BSD UNIX Operating System, authors: Samuel J. Leffler, Marshall Kirk McKusick, Michael J. Karels
Choke, authors: Stuart Woods
Choke Point: A Brinker Mystery (Brinker P.I.), authors: James C. Mitchell
The Aleph and Other Stories, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Andrew Hurley
El Aleph, authors: Jorge Luis Borges
Vanity Fair, authors: William Makepeace Thackeray, John Carey
Vanity Fair, authors: William Makepeace Thackeray, Nicholas Dames
Vanity Fair, authors: William Makepeace Thackeray
V for Vendetta, authors: Alan Moore, David   Lloyd
V., authors: Thomas Pynchon, Carlos Martín Ramírez
Girl in the Shadows (Shadows  #2), authors: V.C. Andrews
V for Vendetta, authors: Steve Moore, Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski, Alan Moore
Heaven (Casteel  #1), authors: V.C. Andrews
Slow Learner: Early Stories, authors: Thomas Pynchon
A Gravity's Rainbow Companion: Sources and Contexts for Pynchon's Novel, authors: Steven Weisenburger
Casino Royale, authors: Ian Fleming
Casino Royale, authors: Anthony Hern, Ian Fleming, Henry Gammidge, John McLusky
Bel Canto, authors: Ann Patchett
Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint, authors: Chris          Jones, Jonathan Newman, Cara Williams
Mini-Manual of the Urban Guerrilla, authors: Carlos Marighella
The Career Programmer: Guerilla Tactics for an Imperfect World (Expert's Voice), authors: Christopher   Duncan
A Bend in the River, authors: V.S. Naipaul
The Middle Passage, authors: V.S. Naipaul
Magic Seeds, authors: V.S. Naipaul
Half a Life, authors: V.S. Naipaul
North of South: An African Journey, authors: Shiva Naipaul
V.S. Naipaul, authors: Bruce Alvin King
Regeneration Through Violence: The Mythology of the American Frontier  1600–1860, authors: Richard Slotkin
Regeneration (Species Imperative  #3), authors: Julie E. Czerneda
The Regeneration Trilogy (Regeneration  #1-3), authors: Pat Barker
The Sparrow (The Sparrow  #1), authors: Mary Doria Russell
The Age of Bronze (Pirates of the Caribbean: Jack Sparrow  #5), authors: Rob Kidd, Walt Disney Company
The Sword of Cortés (Pirates of the Caribbean: Jack Sparrow  #4), authors: Rob Kidd, Jean-Paul Orpinas, Walt Disney Company
The Pirate Chase (Pirates of the Caribbean: Jack Sparrow  #3), authors: Rob Kidd, Walt Disney Company
The Siren Song (Pirates of the Caribbean: Jack Sparrow  #2), authors: Rob Kidd, Jean-Paul Orpinas
The Coming Storm (Pirates of the Caribbean: Jack Sparrow  #1), authors: Rob Kidd, Jean-Paul Orpinas
The Woman in White, authors: Wilkie Collins, Matthew Sweet
The Woman in White, authors: Wilkie Collins
The Woman in White, authors: Wilkie Collins, Maria K. Bachman, Don Richard Cox
The Woman in White, authors: Wilkie Collins, Camille Cauti
The Lord of the Rings (The Lord of the Rings  #1-3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The 9/11 Commission Report: Final Report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States, authors: National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon The United States
The Hobbit  or There and Back Again, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Annotated Hobbit, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Douglas A. Anderson
Poems From The Hobbit, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Hobbit: Or There and Back Again, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Hobbit, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes and More Ruthless Rhymes, authors: Harry Graham, Frank J. Moore, D. Streamer
The Essential Neruda: Selected Poems, authors: Pablo Neruda, Mark Eisner, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Robert Hass, Stephen Mitchell, Alastair Reid, Forrest Gander, Jack Hirschman, Stephen Kessler, John Felstiner
Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair, authors: Pablo Neruda, W.S. Merwin, Cristina García
Veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada; Cien sonetos de amor, authors: Pablo Neruda
Love, authors: Pablo Neruda
Anil's Ghost, authors: Michael Ondaatje
Waiting for My Cats to Die: A Memoir, authors: Stacy Horn
Narcissus and Goldmund, authors: Hermann Hesse, Leila Vennewitz
Edward Lear's Book of Nonsense: With Lear's Original Illustrations, authors: Edward Lear, Simcha Shtull
A Sparrow Falls (Courtney #3), authors: Wilbur Smith
Providence of a Sparrow: Lessons from a Life Gone to the Birds, authors: Chris Chester
Sparrow Hawk Red, authors: Ben Mikaelsen
The Fall of a Sparrow, authors: Robert Hellenga
The Bluebird and the Sparrow (Women of the West  #10), authors: Janette Oke
Journey of the Sparrows, authors: Fran Leeper Buss, Daisy Cubias
Aleutian Sparrow, authors: Karen Hesse, Evon Zerbetz, Kim McGillivray
An Episode of Sparrows, authors: Rumer Godden
Li Po and Tu Fu: Poems, authors: Li Bai, Du Fu, Arthur Cooper, Shui Chien-Tung
混血王子的背叛 (哈利波特  #6), authors: J.K. Rowling, J.K.羅琳, 皇冠編譯組, 張定綺, 彭倩文, 趙丕慧, 林靜華
火盃的考驗 (哈利波特  #4), authors: J.K. Rowling, J.K.羅琳, 彭倩文
Five T'ang Poets, authors: Wang Wei, Li Bai, Li Ho, Li Shang-yin, David        Young
The End of Obscenity: The Trials of Lady Chatterley  Tropic of Cancer  and Fanny Hill, authors: Charles Rembar
Juniper, authors: Monica Furlong
The Long Road Back: A Survivor's Guide to Anorexia, authors: Judy Tam Sargent, Sonia Nordenson
The Road Back, authors: Erich Maria Remarque
Robinson Crusoe, authors: Daniel Defoe, L.J. Swingle
Achilles in Vietnam: Combat Trauma and the Undoing of Character, authors: Jonathan Shay
The Work of Mourning, authors: Jacques Derrida, Pascale-Anne Brault, Michael Naas
Transform Your Life: A step-by-step programme for change, authors: Diana Cooper
A Short History of Byzantium, authors: John Julius Norwich
The Middle Sea: A History of the Mediterranean, authors: John Julius Norwich
A History of Venice, authors: John Julius Norwich
The Normans in Sicily: The Normans in the South 1016-1130 and the Kingdom in the Sun 1130-1194, authors: John Julius Norwich
Siddhartha, authors: Hermann Hesse, Susan Bernofsky, Tom Robbins
Siddhartha, authors: Hermann Hesse, Joachim Neugroschel, Ralph Freedman
Siddhartha, authors: Hermann Hesse
The Moonstone, authors: Wilkie Collins, Carolyn G. Heilbrun
The Moonstone, authors: Wilkie Collins
The Moonstone, authors: Wilkie Collins, P.D. James
Ride of the Second Horseman: The Birth and Death of War, authors: Robert L. O'Connell
Beloved, authors: Toni Morrison
Cry  the Beloved Country, authors: Alan Paton
Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World, authors: Henri J.M. Nouwen
Come Away My Beloved, authors: Frances J. Roberts
Israel  My Beloved, authors: Kay Arthur
Beloved Bride: The Letters of Stonewall Jackson to His Wife, authors: Bill Potter, Stephen Lang
The Search for the Beloved: Journeys in Mythology and Sacred Psychology (Inner Workbook), authors: Jean Houston
Reservation Blues, authors: Sherman Alexie
The Border Trilogy: All the Pretty Horses  The Crossing  Cities of the Plain, authors: Cormac McCarthy
Music & Silence, authors: Rose Tremain
The Periodic Table, authors: Primo Levi
Survival in Auschwitz, authors: Primo Levi, Stuart J. Woolf, Philip Roth
The Reawakening, authors: Primo Levi, Stuart J. Woolf
The Drowned and the Saved, authors: Primo Levi
The Monkey's Wrench, authors: Primo Levi, William Weaver, Ruth Feldman, Ruth Tenzer Feldman
Primo Levi: A Life, authors: Ian Thomson
Wuthering Heights, authors: Emily Brontë
Disgrace, authors: J.M. Coetzee
Waiting for the Barbarians, authors: J.M. Coetzee
The Lives of Animals, authors: J.M. Coetzee, Amy Gutmann, Peter Singer, Wendy Doniger, Barbara Smuts, Marjorie Garber
Boyhood: Scenes from Provincial Life, authors: J.M. Coetzee
Youth, authors: J.M. Coetzee
Age of Iron, authors: J.M. Coetzee
The Wife (Kristin Lavransdatter  #2), authors: Sigrid Undset, Tiina Nunnally, Sherrill Harbison
Kristin Lavransdatter (Kristin Lavransdatter  #1-3), authors: Sigrid Undset, Tiina Nunnally, Brad Leithauser
The Axe (The Master of Hestviken  #1), authors: Sigrid Undset, Arthur G. Chater
The Cross (Kristin Lavransdatter  #3), authors: Sigrid Undset, Tiina Nunnally, Sherrill Harbison
The Wreath (Kristin Lavransdatter  #1), authors: Sigrid Undset, Tiina Nunnally
The Mistress of Husaby (Kristin Lavransdatter  #2), authors: Sigrid Undset
Jenny, authors: Sigrid Undset, Tiina Nunnally
The Unknown Sigrid Undset: Jenny and Other Works, authors: Sigrid Undset, Tim Page, Tiina Nunnally, Naomi Walford
Gunnar's Daughter, authors: Sigrid Undset, Sherrill Harbison, Arthur G. Chater
The Snake Pit (The Master of Hestviken  #2), authors: Sigrid Undset, Arthur G. Chater
The Son Avenger (The Master of Hestviken  #4), authors: Sigrid Undset
An Imaginary Life, authors: David Malouf
The Great World, authors: David Malouf
A Very Long Engagement, authors: Sébastien Japrisot
Birdsong, authors: Sebastian Faulks
The Collected Poems of Wilfred Owen, authors: Wilfred Owen, Cecil Day-Lewis
Murder in Foggy Bottom (Capital Crimes  #17), authors: Margaret Truman
The Road, authors: Cormac McCarthy
The Road to Serfdom, authors: Friedrich A. Hayek
Road of the Patriarch (Forgotten Realms: The Sellswords  #3), authors: R.A. Salvatore
Road Trip USA: Cross-Country Adventures on America's Two-Lane Highways, authors: Jamie Jensen
Howl's Moving Castle (Howl's Moving Castle  #1), authors: Diana Wynne Jones
Howl and Other Poems, authors: Allen Ginsberg, William Carlos Williams
When Rabbit Howls, authors: Truddi Chase, Robert A. Phillips
The Art of Howl's Moving Castle, authors: Hayao Miyazaki, Yuji Oniki, Joe Hisaishi
Howl: Original Draft Facsimile  Transcript & Variant Versions  Fully Annotated by Author  with Contemporaneous Correspondence, authors: Allen Ginsberg, Barry Miles
The Best of America's Test Kitchen 2007: The Year's Best Recipes  Equipment Reviews  and Tastings, authors: America's Test Kitchen
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (Charlie Bucket  #1), authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory: A Play, authors: Richard R. George, Roald Dahl
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (Abridged), authors: Roald Dahl
Collected Stories, authors: Roald Dahl, Jeremy Treglown
Roald Dahl Treasury, authors: Roald Dahl
Dirty Beasts, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Never Let Me Go, authors: Kazuo Ishiguro
Never Let Me Go, authors: Kazuo Ishiguro
Never Let Me Go, authors: Kazuo Ishiguro, Rosalyn Landor
Homeric Moments: Clues to Delight in Reading the Odyssey and the Iliad, authors: Eva Brann
Paradoxes of Education in a Republic, authors: Eva Brann
The Music of the Republic: Essays on Socrates' Conversations and Plato's Writings, authors: Eva Brann
Open Secrets / Inward Prospects: Reflections on World and Soul, authors: Eva Brann
Phaedo, authors: Plato, Eva Brann, Peter Kalkavage, Eric Salem
Rocky Stories: Tales of Love  Hope  and Happiness at America's Most Famous Steps, authors: Michael Vitez, Tom Gralish, Sylvester Stallone
My Heart May Be Broken  but My Hair Still Looks Great (Domestic Equalizers #2), authors: Dixie Cash
Since You're Leaving Anyway  Take Out the Trash (Domestic Equalizers #1), authors: Dixie Cash
The Da Vinci Code (Robert Langdon  #2), authors: Dan Brown
Blessings from the Other Side: Wisdom and Comfort from the Afterlife for This Life, authors: Sylvia Browne, Lindsay Harrison
Mother God: The Feminine Principle to Our Creator, authors: Sylvia Browne
Thanksgiving, authors: Janet Evanovich
Plum Lovin' (Stephanie Plum  #12.5), authors: Janet Evanovich
Four to Score (Stephanie Plum  #4), authors: Janet Evanovich
Seven Up (Stephanie Plum  #7), authors: Janet Evanovich
Hard Eight (Stephanie Plum  #8), authors: Janet Evanovich, Lorelei King
Motor Mouth (Alex Barnaby #2), authors: Janet Evanovich
A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments, authors: David Foster Wallace
Ivanhoe, authors: Walter Scott, Graham Tulloch
Ivanhoe, authors: Marianna Mayer, Walter Scott, John Rush
Me and Jezebel: When Bette Davis Came for Dinner -- And Stayed ... And Stayed ... And Stayed ... And ..., authors: Elizabeth L. Fuller
George Washington and Benedict Arnold: A Tale of Two Patriots, authors: Dave R. Palmer
His Excellency: George Washington, authors: Joseph J. Ellis
George Washington's Rules of Civility & Decent Behavior in Company and Conversation (Little Books of Wisdom), authors: George Washington
George Washington's Sacred Fire, authors: Peter A. Lillback, Jerry Newcombe
Waverley, authors: Walter Scott, Claire Lamont
The Antiquary, authors: Walter Scott, Nicola J. Watson
Rob Roy, authors: Walter Scott, Lockhart Bogle
Prozac Nation, authors: Elizabeth Wurtzel
Girl  Interrupted: Screenplay based on the book, authors: James Mangold, Anna Hamilton Phelan, Lisa Loomer, Susanna Kaysen
How to Write a Damn Good Novel: A Step-by-Step No Nonsense Guide to Dramatic Storytelling, authors: James N. Frey
Book of the Dead (Kay Scarpetta  #15), authors: Patricia Cornwell
At Risk (Winston Garano  #1), authors: Patricia Cornwell
Predator (Kay Scarpetta  #14), authors: Patricia Cornwell
Trace (Kay Scarpetta  #13), authors: Patricia Cornwell
Postmortem (Kay Scarpetta  #1), authors: Patricia Daniels Cornwell, Patricia Cornwell
Three Complete Novels: Postmortem / Body Of Evidence / All That Remains (Kay Scarpetta  #1  #2  #3), authors: Patricia Cornwell
From Potter's Field (Kay Scarpetta  #6), authors: Patricia Cornwell
The Body Farm (Kay Scarpetta  #5), authors: Patricia Cornwell
Trace (Kay Scarpetta  #13), authors: Patricia Cornwell, Carolyn McCormick
Cause of Death (Kay Scarpetta  #7), authors: Patricia Cornwell, C.J. Critt
The Patricia Cornwell CD Audio Treasury: All That Remains / Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta  #3  #4), authors: Patricia Cornwell, Kate Burton
At Risk (Winston Garano  #1), authors: Patricia Cornwell
The Scarpetta Collection: All That Remains / Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta  #3  #4), authors: Patricia Cornwell
In the Dark of the Night, authors: John Saul
Perfect Nightmare, authors: John Saul
  said the shotgun to the head., authors: Saul Williams
Early Color, authors: Saul Leiter, Martin Harrison
Herzog, authors: Saul Bellow, Philip Roth
Midnight Voices, authors: John Saul, Joe Blades
The Manhattan Hunt Club, authors: John Saul
Shadows, authors: John Saul
The Presence, authors: John Saul
Creature, authors: John Saul
Asylum (Blackstone Chronicles  #6), authors: John Saul
Suffer the Children, authors: John Saul
The Big Bad Wolf  (Alex Cross  #9), authors: James Patterson, مریم کاظمی‌تبار
Big Bad Wolf, authors: Linda Jones
Why Do Men Fall Asleep After Sex? More Questions You'd Only Ask a Doctor After Your Third Whiskey Sour, authors: Mark Leyner, Billy Goldberg
Four Blondes, authors: Candace Bushnell
Lipstick Jungle, authors: Candace Bushnell
Lipstick Jungle, authors: Candace Bushnell
The Easy Way to Stop Smoking: Join the Millions Who Have Become Nonsmokers Using the Easyway Method, authors: Allen Carr
Teach Your Child to Read in 100 Easy Lessons, authors: Siegfried Engelmann, Phyllis Haddox, Elaine Bruner
It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider, authors: Jim Henson, Cheryl Henson
Playing Easy to Get (B.A.D. Agency #1.5; Vikings Underground #3; Immortals After Dark #1), authors: Sherrilyn Kenyon, Jaid Black, Kresley Cole
The Big Over Easy (Nursery Crime  #1), authors: Jasper Fforde
The Enneagram Made Easy: Discover the 9 Types of People, authors: Renee Baron, Elizabeth Wagele
It's Easy Being Green: A Handbook for Earth-Friendly Living, authors: Crissy Trask, Mike Clelland
Le Divorce, authors: Diane Johnson
Divine Conspiracy: Rediscovering Our Hidden Life in God, authors: Dallas Willard
The Divine Comedy, authors: Dante Alighieri, John Ciardi
The Divine Comedy, authors: Dante Alighieri, Allen Mandelbaum, Eugenio Montale
Divine, authors: Karen Kingsbury
When the Emperor Was Divine, authors: Julie Otsuka
Complete Divine (Dungeons & Dragons Edition 3.5), authors: David Noonan
A Divine Revelation of Hell, authors: Mary K. Baxter, T.L. Lowery
Boy: Tales of Childhood (Roald Dahl's Autobiography  #1), authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
The Enormous Crocodile, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
The Magic Finger, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More, authors: Roald Dahl
The Gremlins, authors: Roald Dahl, Artists and Writers Guild, Walt Disney Company, Leonard Maltin
Going Solo (Roald Dahl's Autobiography  #2), authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Gumbo Ya-Ya: A Collection of Louisiana Folk Tales, authors: Lyle Saxon, Edward Dreyer, Robert Tallant
James and the Giant Peach, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Danny the Champion of the World, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
My Uncle Oswald, authors: Roald Dahl
Fantastic Mr. Fox, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment, authors: Eckhart Tolle
Wild Things: Four Tales, authors: Douglas Clegg
Wild Things (Prowlers Book 1), authors: Christopher Golden
A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments, authors: David Foster Wallace
Oblivion, authors: David Foster Wallace
Consider the Lobster and Other Essays, authors: David Foster Wallace
Brief Interviews with Hideous Men, authors: David Foster Wallace
Diabetes Meal Planning Made Easy, authors: Hope S. Warshaw, Warshaw Hope
Easy French Reader, authors: R. de Roussy de Sales
Algebra the Easy Way, authors: Douglas Downing
Easy Riders  Raging Bulls, authors: Peter Biskind
Cloud Atlas, authors: David Mitchell
The Cloud Atlas, authors: Liam Callanan
Easy Labor: Every Woman's Guide to Choosing Less Pain and More Joy During Childbirth, authors: William Camann, Kathryn    Alexander
The McDougall Quick and Easy Cookbook, authors: John A. McDougall, Mary McDougall
American Sign Language The Easy Way, authors: David A. Stewart, Jessalyn Little, Elizabeth     Stewart
Ghostwritten, authors: David Mitchell
Romeo & Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, Alan Durband
Easy Prey (Lucas Davenport  #11), authors: John Sandford
Mayada  Daughter of Iraq: One Woman's Survival Under Saddam Hussein, authors: Jean Sasson
Three to Get Deadly (Stephanie Plum  #3), authors: Janet Evanovich
Smitten (Elsie Hawkins #2), authors: Janet Evanovich
Manhunt, authors: Janet Evanovich
Three Plums In One (Stephanie Plum  #1-3), authors: Janet Evanovich
Hot Six (Stephanie Plum  #6), authors: Janet Evanovich
Amsterdam, authors: Ian McEwan
Fodor's Amsterdam (Fodor's Gold Guides), authors: Fodor's Travel Publications Inc., Sarah Gold
The Child in Time, authors: Ian McEwan
Enduring Love, authors: Ian McEwan
Black Dogs, authors: Ian McEwan
The Comfort of Strangers, authors: Ian McEwan
And the Envelope  Please...: Ever After / An Affair To Remember / It Happened One Night, authors: Barbara Bretton, Emilie Rose, Isabel Sharpe
Las rubias de 5th Avenue, authors: Plum Sykes
Tuesdays with Morrie, authors: Mitch Albom
La Dernière Leçon, authors: Mitch Albom
My Sister's Keeper, authors: Mavis Applewater
My Sister's Keeper (Gillian Adams  #2), authors: Nora Kelly
Their Sisters' Keepers: Women's Prison Reform in America  1830-1930, authors: Estelle B. Freedman
Baby's Alphabet, authors: Jean Marzollo, Nancy Sheehan
Welcome to the Monkey House, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr., David Strathairn, Maria Tucci, Bill Irwin, Tony    Roberts, Dylan Baker
What Color Is Your Parachute? A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers, authors: Richard Nelson Bolles
You Can Have What You Want: Proven Strategies for Inner and Outer Success, authors: Michael Neill
Like Water for Chocolate, authors: Laura Esquivel, Thomas  Christensen, Carol Christensen
Like Water for Chocolate, authors: Laura Esquivel, Yareli Arizmendi
Como agua para chocolate, authors: Laura Esquivel
The Radicalism of the American Revolution, authors: Gordon S. Wood
Emma, authors: Jane Austen, Fiona Stafford
Prince of Ice (Tale of the Demon World  #3), authors: Emma Holly
Emma Lazarus, authors: Esther Schor
Strange Attractions, authors: Emma Holly
The Mermaid Chair, authors: Sue Monk Kidd
The Dance of the Dissident Daughter: A Woman's Journey from Christian Tradition to the Sacred Feminine, authors: Sue Monk Kidd
When the Heart Waits: Spiritual Direction for Life's Sacred Questions, authors: Sue Monk Kidd
With Open Hands, authors: Henri J.M. Nouwen, Sue Monk Kidd
Saxons  Vikings  and Celts: The Genetic Roots of Britain and Ireland, authors: Bryan Sykes
Yeah  I Said It, authors: Wanda Sykes
The Seven Daughters Of Eve, authors: Bryan Sykes
Dumbing Down Our Kids: Why American Children Feel Good About Themselves But Can't Read  Write or Add, authors: Charles J. Sykes
If I Don't Write It Nobody Else Will: An Autobiography, authors: Eric Sykes
Hamlet, authors: William Shakespeare
William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream (Cliffs Complete), authors: CliffsNotes, Michael McMahon
A Midsummer Night's Dream, authors: William Shakespeare
A Midsummer Night's Dream, authors: William Shakespeare, Amanda Root, Arkangel Cast, Roy Hudd, David Harewood
A Midsummer Night's Dream, authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill, B. Litt
A Midsummer Night's Dream, authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill
The Burning (Guardians of Ga'Hoole  #6), authors: Kathryn Lasky, Richard Cowdrey
The Siege (Guardians of Ga'Hoole  #4), authors: Kathryn Lasky
In the Company of Cheerful Ladies (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  #6), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
Morality for Beautiful Girls (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency #3), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
In the Company of Cheerful Ladies (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  #6), authors: Alexander McCall Smith, Lisette Lecat
The Full Cupboard of Life (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  #5), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
The Tale of Genji, authors: Murasaki Shikibu, Edward G. Seidensticker
The Tale of Genji, authors: Yoshitaka Amano, Murasaki Shikibu, Rachel Nacth, Anri Itō, Junichi Imura
The Tale of Genji: Scenes from the World's First Novel (Illustrated Japanese Classics), authors: Murasaki Shikibu, Masayuki Miyata, Jakuchō Seitouchi, Donald Keene, H. Mack Horton, Ayako Watanabe, Michiko Hiraoka
Blue Shoes and Happiness (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  #7), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
In the Company of Cheerful Ladies (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency #6), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
Ein Gentleman für Mma Ramotswe (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  #2), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
Ein Koch für Mma Ramotswe (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  #3), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
The Good Husband of Zebra Drive (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency #8), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency #1), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
Paris to the Moon, authors: Adam Gopnik
The Belly of Paris (Les Rougon-Macquart  #3), authors: Émile Zola, Ernest Alfred Vizetelly, Henry Vizetelly
My Movie Business: A Memoir, authors: John Irving
Setting Free the Bears / The Water-Method Man / The 158-Pound Marriage, authors: John Irving
The Headmaster's Papers, authors: Richard A. Hawley, John Irving
Blade Runner, authors: Philip K. Dick
The Android (Animorphs  #10), authors: K.A. Applegate, Katherine Applegate
The Soul of a New Machine, authors: Tracy Kidder
No Better Place to Die: The Battle Of Stones River, authors: Peter Cozzens
Never Call Retreat, authors: Bruce Catton, E.B. Long
The 42nd Parallel (U.S.A.  #1), authors: John Dos Passos
U.S.A.: 42e Parallèle/L'An premier du siècle/La Grosse galette, authors: John Dos Passos
The Big Money (U.S.A.  #3), authors: John Dos Passos, E.L. Doctorow
1919 (U.S.A.  #2), authors: John Dos Passos, E.L. Doctorow
The King in the Window, authors: Adam Gopnik, Omar Rayyan
The Karamazov Brothers, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Ignat Avsey
The Grand Inquisitor: with related chapters from The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Constance Garnett, Charles Guignon
The Count of Monte Cristo, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Robin Buss
The Count of Monte Cristo, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Brantley Johnson, Margaret Brantley
The Count of Monte Cristo, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Lorenzo Carcaterra
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Andrew R. MacAndrew, Konstantin Mochulsky
Crime and Punishment, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Leonard Stanton, James D. Hardy Jr., Sidney Monas, Robin Feuer Miller
Crime and Punishment in American History, authors: Lawrence M. Friedman
Crime and Punishment in America, authors: Elliott Currie
Cliffsnotes on Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment, authors: James Lamar Roberts, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, CliffsNotes
On Crimes and Punishments, authors: Cesare Beccaria, David Young
Crime and Punishment, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, David McDuff
Crime and Punishment (Norton Critical Editions), authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, George Gibian, Jessie Coulson
The Politics of Injustice: Crime and Punishment in America, authors: Katherine Beckett, Theodore Sasson
The Beginning and the End, authors: Naguib Mahfouz
The Black Tulip, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Robin Buss
La Dame aux Camélias, authors: Alexandre Dumas fils, David Coward
The Women's War, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Robin Buss
The Knight of Maison-Rouge, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Julie Rose, Lorenzo Carcaterra
The Way the Crow Flies, authors: Ann-Marie MacDonald
As the Crow Flies, authors: Jeffrey Archer
Under The Tuscan Sun - At Home In Italy, authors: Frances Mayes
Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality, authors: Donald Miller
The Secret Life of Bees, authors: Sue Monk Kidd
The Wounded Healer: Ministry in Contemporary Society, authors: Henri J.M. Nouwen
The Dance of Life: Weaving Sorrows and Blessings Into One Joyful Step, authors: Henri J.M. Nouwen, Michael    Ford
The Prodigal Son (Roger the Chapman  #15), authors: Kate Sedley
The Poisonwood Bible, authors: Barbara Kingsolver
The Poisonwood Bible, authors: Barbara Kingsolver
How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale, authors: Jenna Jameson, Neil Strauss
Dominion: The Power of Man  the Suffering of Animals  and the Call to Mercy, authors: Matthew Scully
No Dominion (Joe Pitt  #2), authors: Charlie Huston
Dominion (Ollie Chandler #2), authors: Randy Alcorn
O Is for Old Dominion: A Virginia Alphabet, authors: Pamela Duncan Edwards, Troy Howell
Dominion, authors: Masamune Shirow
Essentials of Conservation Biology, authors: Richard B. Primack
Marine Conservation Biology: The Science of Maintaining the Sea's Biodiversity, authors: Elliott A. Norse, Larry B. Crowder, Michael E. Soulé
Key Topics in Conservation Biology, authors: David W. Macdonald, Alonzo C. Addison, Sandra Baker, Mark S. Boyce, David Brown, Stephen Cobb, N. Mark Collins, C. Patrick Doncaster, John E. Fa, Joshua Ginsberg, Susanna B. Hecht, Katrina Service, Steve Albon, Les Firbank, Eli Geffen, Lise Albrechtsen, Elizabeth J. Asteraki, Christian Bonacic, Marcel Cardillo, Chris R. Dickman, Stephen A. Ellwood, H. Resit Akcakaya, Ruth E. Feber
The Sawtooth Wolves, authors: Jim Dutcher, Eric Baker, Greg Simpson, Richard Ballantine
Rainforest Home Remedies: The Maya Way To Heal Your Body and Replenish Your Soul, authors: Rosita Arvigo, Nadine Epstein
Zolar's Encyclopedia and Dictionary of Dreams: Fully Revised and Updated for the 21st Century, authors: Zolar
The Complete Dream Dictionary, authors: Pamela Ball
Letters from Father Christmas, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Baillie Tolkien
The Silmarillion, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien, Ted Nasmith
J.R.R. Tolkien: A Biography, authors: Humphrey Carpenter
The Tolkien Reader, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Peter S. Beagle
Tolkien on Film: Essays on Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings, authors: Janet Brennan Croft, Mark P. Shea, Amy H. Sturgis
The Monsters and the Critics and Other Essays, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The Maps of Tolkien's Middle-earth, authors: Brian Sibley, John  Howe, J.R.R. Tolkien
The Gospel According to Tolkien: Visions of the Kingdom in Middle-Earth, authors: Ralph C. Wood
The Treason of Isengard: The History of The Lord of the Rings  Part Two (The History of Middle-earth  #7), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
Tolkien and the Great War: The Threshold of Middle-earth, authors: John Garth
Tolkien and C.S. Lewis: The Gift of a Friendship, authors: Colin Duriez
The Book of Lost Tales  Part One (The History of Middle-Earth  #1), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
Tree and Leaf: Includes Mythopoeia and The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings: The Making of the Movie Trilogy, authors: Brian Sibley, Ian McKellen
Tolkien: A Look Behind The Lord of the Rings, authors: Lin Carter
The Lord of the Rings (The Lord of the Rings  #1-3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Rob Inglis
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, authors: John Berendt
Tom's Midnight Garden, authors: Philippa Pearce
Animals in Translation: Using the Mysteries of Autism to Decode Animal Behavior, authors: Temple Grandin, Catherine  Johnson
God's Covenant with Animals: A Biblical Basis for the Humane Treatment of All Creatures, authors: J.R. Hyland
Lafayette, authors: Harlow Giles Unger
My Pride and Joy: An Autobiography, authors: George  Adamson
Runaways  Vol. 1: Pride and Joy, authors: Brian K. Vaughan, Adrian Alphona
Sky's Pride and Joy (Bachelor Gulch #8), authors: Sandra Steffen
The Baby Emergency (Tennengarrah Clinic #1), authors: Carol Marinelli
The Shaping of America: A Geographical Perspective on 500 Years of History: Volume 2: Continental America  1800-1867, authors: D.W. Meinig
The Basic Bakunin, authors: Mikhail Bakunin, Robert M. Cutler
Berlioz: Servitude and Greatness  1832-1869 (Volume 2), authors: David Cairns
The Nubian Prince, authors: Juan Bonilla, Esther Allen
Pardonable Lies (Maisie Dobbs  #3), authors: Jacqueline Winspear
Naked Lunch, authors: William S. Burroughs, James Grauerholz, Barry Miles
Naked Lunch: The Restored Text, authors: William S. Burroughs
The Electric Kool-aid Acid Test/The Kandy Kolored Tangerine Flake Streamline Baby/Radical Chic & Mau Mauing the Flak Catchers, authors: Tom Wolfe
The Glass Castle, authors: Jeannette Walls
Same Sex in the City, authors: Lauren  Levin, Lauren Blitzer
Sex and the City: Kiss and Tell, authors: Amy Sohn, Sarah Jessica Parker
Human Traces, authors: Sebastian Faulks
The Girl at the Lion d'Or, authors: Sebastian Faulks
Human Traces, authors: Sebastian Faulks
Founding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generation, authors: Joseph J. Ellis
Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas, authors: James Patterson
Hitler's Willing Executioners: Ordinary Germans and the Holocaust, authors: Daniel Jonah Goldhagen
Hitler's Willinge Vollstrecker: Ganz gewöhlnliche Deutsche und der Holocaust, authors: Daniel Jonah Goldhagen
Beach Girls, authors: Luanne Rice
The Beach House, authors: James Patterson, Peter de Jonge
The Beach House (Beach House #1), authors: Mary Alice Monroe
The Beach House, authors: James Patterson, Peter de Jonge
Path of the Assassin (Scot Harvath  #2), authors: Brad Thor
Presidential Assassins (History Makers), authors: Patricia D. Netzley
The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game, authors: Michael   Lewis
The Blind Watchmaker, authors: Richard Dawkins
I Love Everybody (and Other Atrocious Lies), authors: Laurie Notaro
Autobiography of a Fat Bride: True Tales of a Pretend Adulthood, authors: Laurie Notaro
The Idiot Girls' Action-Adventure Club: True Tales from a Magnificent and Clumsy Life, authors: Laurie Notaro
We Thought You Would Be Prettier: True Tales of the Dorkiest Girl Alive, authors: Laurie Notaro
There's a (Slight) Chance I Might Be Going to Hell: A Novel of Sewer Pipes  Pageant Queens  and Big Trouble, authors: Laurie Notaro
Anleitung zum Zickigsein, authors: Laurie Notaro
The Psychology of Winning, authors: Denis Waitley
Jimmy Corrigan: El Chico más Listo del Mundo, authors: Chris Ware
The Acme Novelty Library #17, authors: Chris Ware
The Acme Novelty Library, authors: Chris Ware
The Acme Novelty Datebook  Vol. 1  1986-1995, authors: Chris Ware
Quimby The Mouse, authors: Chris Ware
Candide: or  Optimism, authors: Voltaire, Chris Ware, Theo Cuffe, Michael  Wood
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues, authors: Tom Robbins
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues & My Own Private Idaho, authors: Gus Van Sant, Tom Robbins
Awakening the Buddha Within: Eight Steps to Enlightenment, authors: Surya  Das
Iran Awakening: A Memoir of Revolution and Hope, authors: Shirin Ebadi
The Book of Awakening: Having the Life You Want by Being Present to the Life You Have, authors: Mark Nepo
Awakening Intuition: Using Your Mind-Body Network for Insight and Healing, authors: Mona Lisa Schulz, Christiane Northrup
The Grace Awakening: Believing in Grace Is One Thing. Living it Is Another, authors: Charles R. Swindoll
Spring's Awakening, authors: Frank Wedekind, Eric Bentley
Awakening at Midlife: A Guide to Reviving Your Spirit  Recreating Your Life  and Returning to Your Truest Self, authors: Kathleen A. Brehony
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, authors: James Joyce, Seamus Deane
A Portrait of the Artist As a Young Man, authors: James Joyce, Walter Hettche, Hans Walter Gabler, John Paul Riquelme, John Mitchel, Michael Davitt, Canon  Doyle, Pádraic Pearse, Ignatius of Loyola, Giovanni Pietro Pinamont, Walter Pater, Oscar Wilde, Douglas Hyde, Kenneth Burke, Umberto Eco, Hugh Kenner, Hélène Cixous, Karen Lawrence, Maud Ellmann, Bonnie Kime Scott, Joseph Valente, Marian Eide, Pericles Lewis, Jonathan Mulrooney, J.M. Synge
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, authors: James Joyce, Jim Norton
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, authors: James Joyce, Langdon Hammer
Vincent Van Gogh: Portrait of an Artist, authors: Jan Greenberg, Sandra Jordan
A Study Guide to Gabriel Garcia Marquez' One Hundred Years of Solitude, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Brenda K. Marshall, F. Murray Abraham
One Hundred Years of Solitude, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa
One Hundred Years Of Solitude, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Reading Lolita in Tehran: A Memoir in Books, authors: Azar Nafisi
The Annotated Lolita, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Alfred Appel
Lolita, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Jeremy Irons
Nacho and Lolita, authors: Pam Muñoz Ryan, Claudia Rueda
Reading Lolita in Tehran, authors: Azar Nafisi
sex.lies.murder.fame., authors: Lolita Files
Animal Farm, authors: George Orwell, Boris Grabnar, Peter Škerl
Farm Animals (A Chunky Book), authors: Phoebe Dunn
Lord of the Flies, authors: William Golding
Good Soldier Svejk And His Fortunes In The World, authors: Jaroslav Hašek
The Good Soldier, authors: Ford Madox Ford, Frank Kermode
Fahrenheit 451, authors: Ray Bradbury
Next, authors: Michael Crichton
Three Complete Novels: The Andromeda Strain / The Terminal Man / The Great Train Robbery, authors: Michael Crichton
A Case of Need, authors: Jeffery Hudson, Michael Crichton
A New Collection of Three Complete Novels: Congo / Sphere / Eaters of the Dead, authors: Michael Crichton
Travels, authors: Michael Crichton
Rising Sun, authors: Michael Crichton
The Andromeda Strain (Andromeda  #1), authors: Michael Crichton
Congo, authors: Michael Crichton
Eaters of the Dead, authors: Michael Crichton
The Michael Crichton Collection: Airframe / The Lost World / Timeline, authors: Michael Crichton, Stephen Lang, Anthony Heald, Blair Brown
Jurassic Park (Jurassic Park  #1), authors: Michael Crichton
The Terminal Man, authors: Michael Crichton
Five Patients, authors: Michael Crichton
Twister, authors: Michael Crichton, Anne-Marie Martin
Peter Pan and Other Plays, authors: J.M. Barrie, Peter Hollindale
Management Information Systems: Managing the Digital Firm, authors: Kenneth C. Laudon, Jane P. Laudon
Holy the Firm, authors: Annie Dillard
Persian Mirrors: The Elusive Face of Iran, authors: Elaine Sciolino
Plays: Mrs Warren's Profession/Man and Superman/Major Barbara/Pygmalion, authors: George Bernard Shaw, Sandie Byrne
Pygmalion & My Fair Lady, authors: George Bernard Shaw, Alan Jay Lerner
Saint Joan/Major Barbara/Androcles and the Lion, authors: George Bernard Shaw
Pygmalion, authors: George Bernard Shaw
Plays Pleasant, authors: George Bernard Shaw, Dan H. Laurence, W.J. McCormack
The Metamorphosis, authors: Peter Kuper, Franz Kafka, Kerstin Hasenpusch
The Metamorphosis (Graphic Novel Adaptation), authors: Peter Kuper, Franz Kafka, Kerstin Hasenpusch
The Metamorphosis, authors: Franz Kafka, Stanley Corngold
The Metamorphosis and Other Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Jason Baker, Donna Freed
The Metamorphosis and Other Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Stanley Appelbaum
Antigone's Claim: Kinship Between Life and Death, authors: Judith Butler
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Jonathan Swift, Robert DeMaria Jr.
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Jonathan Swift, Claude Julien Rawson, Ian Higgins
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Jonathan Swift, David Case
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Gill Harvey, Jonathan Swift
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Martin Woodside, Jamel Akib, Arthur Pober, Jonathan Swift
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Jonathan Swift, Robert Hardy
Ahab's Wife  or The Star-Gazer, authors: Sena Jeter Naslund
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, authors: Hunter S. Thompson, Ralph Steadman
Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72, authors: Hunter S. Thompson
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, authors: Hunter S. Thompson, Ralph Steadman
Fear and Loathing in America: The Brutal Odyssey of an Outlaw Journalist  1968-1976, authors: Hunter S. Thompson
Cliffsnotes on Beckett's Waiting for Godot and Other Plays, authors: James Lamar Roberts, Jeffrey Fisher
The Joy Luck Club, authors: Amy Tan
Dr. Seuss's ABC, authors: Dr. Seuss
Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book, authors: Dr. Seuss
Happy Birthday to You!, authors: Dr. Seuss
McElligot's Pool, authors: Dr. Seuss
The Cat in the Hat, authors: Dr. Seuss
Horton Hears a Who!, authors: Dr. Seuss
The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins, authors: Dr. Seuss
Oh Say Can You Say?, authors: Dr. Seuss
The Lorax, authors: Dr. Seuss
I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!, authors: Dr. Seuss
¡Horton escucha a quién!, authors: Dr. Seuss, Yanitzia Canetti
The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites, authors: Dr. Seuss, Various
Daisy-Head Mayzie, authors: Dr. Seuss
Dr. Seuss Goes to War: The World War II Editorial Cartoons of Theodor Seuss Geisel, authors: Richard H. Minear, Art Spiegelman, Dr. Seuss
Dr. Seuss's ABC (Book & CD), authors: Dr. Seuss
Cattus Petasatus: The Cat in the Hat in Latin, authors: Dr. Seuss, Jennifer Morrish Tunberg, Terence Tunberg, Terence O. Tunberg, Guenevera Tunberg, Terentio Tunberg
Ten Apples Up On Top!, authors: Theo LeSieg, Dr. Seuss, Roy McKie
The Legacy of Luna: The Story of a Tree  a Woman  and the Struggle to Save the Redwoods, authors: Julia Butterfly Hill
Pale Fire, authors: Vladimir Nabokov
Nabokov's Pale Fire: The Magic of Artistic Discovery, authors: Brian Boyd
Novels 1955–1962: Lolita / Pnin / Pale Fire / Lolita: A Screenplay, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Brian Boyd
A Friend of the Earth, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
The Year of Magical Thinking, authors: Joan Didion
Seduction and Betrayal: Women and Literature, authors: Elizabeth Hardwick, Joan Didion
After Henry, authors: Joan Didion
O Ano do Pensamento Mágico, authors: Joan Didion
Another Day in Paradise: The Fourth Sherman's Lagoon Collection, authors: Jim Toomey
Another Day in Cubicle Paradise, authors: Scott Adams
Moby Dick, authors: Herman Melville
Moby-Dick, authors: Herman Melville, Nathaniel Philbrick
Moby-Dick; or  The Whale, authors: Herman Melville, Rockwell Kent, Elizabeth Hardwick
Moby Dick  or The Whale, authors: Herman Melville, Harrison Hayford, Hershel Parker
The Girl in the Flammable Skirt, authors: Aimee Bender
Planet of Slums, authors: Mike  Davis
Late Victorian Holocausts: El Niño Famines and the Making of the Third World, authors: Mike  Davis
No One Is Illegal: Fighting Racism and State Violence on the U.S.-Mexico Border, authors: Justin Akers Chacón, Mike  Davis
Days Between Stations, authors: Steve Erickson
The Bourne Identity (Jason Bourne  #1), authors: Robert Ludlum
Little Plum, authors: Rumer Godden, Jean Primrose
Betsy's Wedding (Betsy-Tacy  #10), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Vera Neville
Betsy and the Great World (Betsy-Tacy  #9), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Vera Neville
Betsy and Tacy Go Over the Big Hill (Betsy-Tacy  #3), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Lois Lenski
Maud Hart Lovelace's Deep Valley: A Guidebook of Mankato Places in the Betsy-Tacy Series, authors: Julie A. Schrader
Early Candlelight, authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Rhoda R. Gilman
Betsy and Joe (Betsy-Tacy  #8), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Vera Neville
Betsy Was a Junior (Betsy-Tacy  #7), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Vera Neville
Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown (Betsy-Tacy  #4), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Lois Lenski
Emily of Deep Valley (Deep Valley  #2), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Vera Neville
Betsy-Tacy (Betsy-Tacy  #1), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Lois Lenski
Five Little Peppers and How They Grew (Five Little Peppers  #1), authors: Margaret Sidney
Five Little Peppers at School, authors: Margaret Sidney, Barbara Cooney
All-of-a-Kind Family Uptown (All-of-a-Kind-Family  #4), authors: Sydney Taylor
All-of-a-Kind Family (All-of-a-Kind-Family  #1), authors: Sydney Taylor
Winter Cottage, authors: Carol Ryrie Brink
Eddie's Valuable Property, authors: Carolyn Haywood
Empire (Empire  #1), authors: Orson Scott Card
Treason, authors: Orson Scott Card
First Meetings in Ender's Universe (Ender's Saga  #0.5), authors: Orson Scott Card
Sarah (Women of Genesis  #1), authors: Orson Scott Card
Rachel & Leah (Women of Genesis  #3), authors: Orson Scott Card
How to Write Science Fiction and Fantasy, authors: Orson Scott Card
Saints, authors: Orson Scott Card
Homebody, authors: Orson Scott Card
Rebekah (Women of Genesis  #2), authors: Orson Scott Card
Speaker for the Dead (Ender's Saga  #2), authors: Orson Scott Card
Red Prophet (Tales of Alvin Maker  #2), authors: Orson Scott Card
The Call of Earth (Homecoming  #2), authors: Orson Scott Card
Shadow of the Hegemon (Shadow  #2), authors: Orson Scott Card, David Birney, Scott Brick, Gabrielle de Cuir, Scott Sowers
Enchantment, authors: Orson Scott Card
Voyage of Slaves (Flying Dutchman  #3), authors: Brian Jacques, David Elliot
High Rhulain (Redwall  #18), authors: Brian Jacques, David Elliot
Salamandastron (Redwall  #5), authors: Brian Jacques, Gary Chalk
The Legend of Luke (Redwall  #12), authors: Brian Jacques
Redwall (Redwall  #1), authors: Brian Jacques
Castaways of the Flying Dutchman (Flying Dutchman  #1), authors: Brian Jacques, Ian Schoenherr
Outcast of Redwall (Redwall  #8), authors: Brian Jacques
Triss (Redwall  #15), authors: Brian Jacques, Allan Curless
A Redwall Winter's Tale, authors: Brian Jacques, Christopher Denise
Mr. Impossible, authors: Roger Hargreaves
Mr. Christmas, authors: Roger Hargreaves, Adam Hargreaves
Mr. Bump, authors: Roger Hargreaves
Little Miss Birthday, authors: Roger Hargreaves, Adam Hargreaves
Little Miss Lucky, authors: Roger Hargreaves
Mr. Happy, authors: Roger Hargreaves
Mr. Jelly and the Pirates, authors: Roger Hargreaves, Adam Hargreaves
Grandma Baa (Easy Peasy People), authors: Roger Hargreaves, Gray Jolliffe
Bill Buzz, authors: Roger Hargreaves, Gray Jolliffe
Gary Grizzle, authors: Roger Hargreaves, Gray Jolliffe
Charlie Oink, authors: Roger Hargreaves, Gray Jolliffe
Madame Je-Sais-Tout, authors: Roger Hargreaves
The Poppy Seed Cakes, authors: Margery Clark, Maud Petersham, Miska Petersham
Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs (Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs  #1), authors: Judi Barrett, Ron Barrett
The Wind Thief, authors: Judi Barrett, Diane Dawson Hearn
Animales No Se Visten  Los (Animals Should Definitely Not Wear Clothing) with CD, authors: Judi Barrett, Ron Barrett
Beauty, authors: Robin McKinley
A Robin McKinley Collection: Spindle's End  The Hero and the Crown and The Blue Sword (Folktales #1-3), authors: Robin McKinley
Deerskin, authors: Robin McKinley
Sunshine, authors: Robin McKinley
Rose Daughter, authors: Robin McKinley
The Door in the Hedge, authors: Robin McKinley
The Stone Fey, authors: Robin McKinley, John Clapp
Anne of Green Gables (Anne of Green Gables  #1), authors: L.M. Montgomery
Anne of Green Gables, authors: L.M. Montgomery, Barbara Caruso
The Road to Yesterday (Anne of Green Gables  #9), authors: L.M. Montgomery
Anne of Avonlea, authors: L.M. Montgomery, Clare Sieffert
The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov, authors: Vladimir Nabokov
The Gift, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Michael Scammell, Dmitri Nabokov
Lectures on Literature, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Fredson Bowers, John Updike
Novels & Memoirs 1941–1951: The Real Life of Sebastian Knight / Bend Sinister / Speak  Memory, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Brian Boyd
The American Years, authors: Brian Boyd
Laughter in the Dark, authors: Vladimir Nabokov
The Luzhin Defense, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Michael Scammell
A Woman of Substance (Emma Harte Saga #1), authors: Barbara Taylor Bradford
The Ravenscar Dynasty (Ravenscar  #1), authors: Barbara Taylor Bradford
Dark Birthright, authors: Jeanne Treat, Jane Starr Weils
Birthright (Diablo: The Sin War  #1), authors: Richard A. Knaak
Laura's Album: A Remembrance Scrapbook of Laura Ingalls Wilder, authors: William   Anderson, Laura Ingalls Wilder
Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder: On Wisdom and Virtues (Writings to Young Women on Laura Ingalls Wilder #1), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Stephen W. Hines
Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder: On Life as a Pioneer Woman (Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder #2), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Stephen W. Hines
A Little House Traveler: Writings from Laura Ingalls Wilder's Journeys Across America, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder
Laura Ingalls Wilder: A Biography, authors: William   Anderson
West from Home: Letters of Laura Ingalls Wilder  San Francisco  1915  (Little House #11), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Roger Lea MacBride, Margot Patterson Doss
The Laura Ingalls Wilder Country Cookbook, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, William   Anderson
Writings to Young Women on Laura Ingalls Wilder: As Told By Her Family  Friends  and Neighbors (Writings to Young Women on Laura Ingalls Wilder #3), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Stephen W. Hines
The Laughing Jesus: Religious Lies and Gnostic Wisdom, authors: Tim Freke, Peter Gandy
The Erotic Phenomenon, authors: Jean-Luc Marion, Stephen E. Lewis
The Phenomenon of Life: Toward a Philosophical Biology, authors: Hans Jonas, Lawrence Vogel, Eleonore Jonas
Down to the Bonny Glen (Little House: The Martha Years  #3), authors: Melissa Wiley, Renée Graef
Laura: The Life of Laura Ingalls Wilder, authors: Donald Zochert
Winter Days in the Big Woods, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef
The First Four Years (Little House  #9), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Cherry Jones
Winter on the Farm, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef, Jody Wheeler
Summertime in the Big Woods, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef
Old Town in the Green Groves: Laura Ingalls Wilder's Lost Little House Years, authors: Cynthia Rylant, Jim LaMarche
Laura Ingalls Wilder's Fairy Poems, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Richard  Hull
Constructing the Little House: Gender  Culture  and Laura Ingalls Wilder, authors: Ann Romines
These Happy Golden Years (Little House  #8), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Cherry Jones, Paul Woodiel
Farmer Boy (Little House  #2), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Garth Williams
Little Town on the Prairie  (Little House  #7), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Garth Williams
Christmas Stories (Little House Chapter Books: Laura  #10), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef, Heather Henson
My Little House Crafts Book: 18 Projects from Laura Ingalls Wilder's, authors: Carolyn Strom Collins, Christina Wyss Eriksson, Mary Collier
Christmas in the Big Woods, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef
The Long Winter (Little House  #6), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Garth Williams
A Little House Birthday, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Doris Ettlinger
The Deer in the Wood, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef
The First Four Years  (Little House  #9), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Garth Williams
The Little House Cookbook: Frontier Foods from Laura Ingalls Wilder's Classic Stories, authors: Barbara M. Walker, Garth Williams
Little House on the Prairie (Little House  #3), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Garth Williams
Let the Hurricane Roar, authors: Rose Wilder Lane
Little House in the Big Woods (Little House  #1), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Garth Williams
Flowers (Eyewitness Explorers), authors: David Burnie
Animal: The Definitive Visual Guide to the World's Wildlife, authors: David Burnie, Don E. Wilson
The Making Of Disney's Animal Kingdom Theme Park, authors: Melody Malmberg, Walt Disney Company
El Reino Animal, authors: Sergio Ramírez
Tree (Eyewitness Books), authors: David Burnie, Peter K. Chadwick
Insects & Spiders, authors: David Burnie
The Prophet of Yonwood, authors: Jeanne DuPrau
Muhammad: A Prophet for Our Time, authors: Karen Armstrong
Prophet, authors: Frank E. Peretti
Access the Power of Your Higher Self: Your Source of Inner Guidance and Spiritual Transformation (Pocket Guides to Practical Spirituality), authors: Elizabeth Clare Prophet
Hailstones and Halibut Bones, authors: Mary O'Neill, John Wallner
The Second Sex, authors: Simone de Beauvoir, H.M. Parshley, Margaret Crosland
The Second Sex, authors: Simone de Beauvoir, H.M. Parshley
The Church and the Second Sex, authors: Mary Daly
Thomas Jefferson (Oxford Portraits), authors: R.B. Bernstein
The Jefferson Bible: The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth, authors: Thomas Jefferson
Who Was Thomas Jefferson?, authors: Dennis Brindell Fradin, Nancy Harrison, John   O'Brien
The Man Who Listens to Horses, authors: Monty Roberts, Lucy Grealy, Lawrence Scanlan
Under Orders (Sid Halley  #4), authors: Dick Francis
For Kicks, authors: Dick Francis
Forfeit, authors: Dick Francis
Dead Cert, authors: Dick Francis
Rat Race, authors: Dick Francis
Reflex, authors: Dick Francis
Decider, authors: Dick Francis
Slay Ride, authors: Dick Francis
Bonecrack, authors: Dick Francis
Nerve, authors: Dick Francis
Break In (Kit Fielding  #1), authors: Dick Francis
Blood Sport, authors: Dick Francis
Straight, authors: Dick Francis
10 lb Penalty, authors: Dick Francis
Trial Run, authors: Dick Francis
Wild Horses, authors: Dick Francis
Field of Thirteen, authors: Dick Francis
Driving Force, authors: Dick Francis
Flying Finish, authors: Dick Francis
Bolt (Kit Fielding  #2), authors: Dick Francis
Come to Grief (Sid Halley  #3), authors: Dick Francis
Enquiry, authors: Dick Francis
Odds Against (Sid Halley  #1), authors: Dick Francis
Banker, authors: Dick Francis
Whip Hand (Sid Halley  #2), authors: Dick Francis
A Jockey's Life: The Biography of Lester Piggott, authors: Dick Francis
The Dick Francis Treasury of Great Racing Stories, authors: Dick Francis, John Welcome
Come to Grief / Decider / Wild Horses, authors: Dick Francis
Odds Against, authors: Dick Francis
Eats  Shoots & Leaves: Why  Commas Really Do Make a Difference!, authors: Lynne Truss, Bonnie Timmons
Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of Everyday Life, authors: Lynne Truss
The Spice and Herb Bible, authors: Ian Hemphill, Kate Hemphill
Master and Commander (Aubrey/Maturin   #1), authors: Patrick O'Brian
The Making of Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, authors: Tom McGregor
The Ionian Mission (Aubrey/Maturin  #8), authors: Patrick O'Brian, Simon Vance
Her Master and Commander (Just Ask Reeves  #1), authors: Karen Hawkins
Strange Sounds: Music  Technology & Culture, authors: Timothy D. Taylor
Stanley Park, authors: Timothy  Taylor
Crow Lake, authors: Mary Lawson
Xenocide (Ender's Saga  #3), authors: Orson Scott Card, Piotr W. Cholewa
The Life of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, authors: John Dickson Carr, Daniel Stashower
The Lost World (TV Tie-in), authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Philip Gooden
Las aventuras de Sherlock Holmes, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Javier Gomez Rea
Wild Ducks Flying Backward, authors: Tom Robbins
Unlimited Power: The New Science Of Personal Achievement, authors: Anthony Robbins, Kenneth H. Blanchard, Jason Winters
Robbins and Cotran Review of Pathology, authors: Edward C. Klatt, Vinay   Kumar
Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates, authors: Tom Robbins
Jitterbug Perfume, authors: Tom Robbins
Life  the Universe and Everything (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #3), authors: Douglas Adams
So Long  and Thanks for All the Fish (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #4), authors: Douglas Adams
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe (The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #2), authors: Douglas Adams, Martin  Freeman
Starship Titanic, authors: Terry Jones, Marie-Catherine Caillava
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #1), authors: Douglas Adams
The Illustrated Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy, authors: Douglas Adams
Margaret Atwood: The Handmaid's Tale, authors: Hélène Greven-Borde
Point to Point Navigation, authors: Gore Vidal
An Inconvenient Truth: The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It, authors: Al Gore
Palimpsest, authors: Gore Vidal
Lincoln, authors: Gore Vidal
Burr, authors: Gore Vidal
Comfort Me with Apples: More Adventures at the Table, authors: Ruth Reichl
Comfort Me With Apples, authors: Ruth Reichl
The Last Temptation of Christ, authors: Nikos Kazantzakis, Peter A. Bien
Her Last Temptation, authors: Leslie Kelly
The Last Temptation (Tony Hill & Carol Jordan  #3), authors: Val McDermid
The Last Temptation, authors: Nikos Kazantzakis, Peter A. Bien
Desert Dawn, authors: Waris Dirie, Jeanne D'Haem
Desert Flower, authors: Waris Dirie, Cathleen Miller
Desert Children, authors: Waris Dirie, Corinna Milborn, Sheelagh Alabaster
L'Aube du désert, authors: Waris Dirie, Jeanne d' Haem
The Beach, authors: Joanna Strange
The Weekenders: Travels in the Heart of Africa, authors: W.F. Deedes, Sue Ryan, Alex Garland, Tony Hawks, Andrew O'Hagan, Irvine Welsh, Giles Foden, Victoria Glendinning
I Feel Bad About My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman, authors: Nora Ephron
Feel the Fear . . . and Do It Anyway, authors: Susan  Jeffers
Touch & Feel: Animals Boxed Set, authors: Jennifer Quasha, Deni Brown, Dawn Sirett
Today I Feel Silly  Other Moods That Make My Day, authors: Jamie Lee Curtis, Laura Cornell
My First Word Touch and Feel, authors: Anne Millard
When I Feel Angry, authors: Nancy Cote, Cornelia Maude Spelman
Violet's House: A Giant Touch-and-Feel Book (Baby Einstein), authors: Julie Aigner-Clark, Nadeem Zaidi
The White Masai, authors: Corinne Hofmann, Peter Millar
The Story of a Seagull and the Cat Who Taught Her to Fly, authors: Luis Sepúlveda, Chris Sheban, Margaret Sayers Peden
Ahora sabréis lo que es correr, authors: Dave Eggers, María Victoria Alonso Blanco
The Burgess Bird Book for Children, authors: Thornton W. Burgess, Louis Agassiz Fuertes
The Burgess Animal Book for Children, authors: Thornton W. Burgess, Louis Agassiz Fuertes
The Adventures of Jimmy Skunk, authors: Thornton W. Burgess, Thea Kliros, Harrison Cady
The Wanting Seed, authors: Anthony Burgess
A Clockwork Orange, authors: Anthony Burgess, Blake Morrison
A Clockwork Orange, authors: Anthony Burgess
Clockwork Orange, authors: Anthony Burgess
A Clockwork Orange (Stage Play), authors: Anthony Burgess
One Hand Clapping, authors: Anthony Burgess
The Doctor is Sick, authors: Anthony Burgess
Earthly Powers, authors: Anthony Burgess
Past Mortem, authors: Ben Elton
This Other Eden, authors: Ben Elton
Saint-Exupéry, authors: Stacy Schiff, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Le Petit Prince, authors: Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Macbeth, authors: William Shakespeare
Macbeth, authors: William Shakespeare, Alan Durband
Death of a Scriptwriter (Hamish Macbeth  #14), authors: M.C. Beaton
Death of a Poison Pen (Hamish Macbeth  #19), authors: M.C. Beaton
Death of an Outsider (Hamish Macbeth  #3), authors: M.C. Beaton
Cliffs Notes on Shakespeare's Macbeth, authors: Alex Went
Death of an Addict (Hamish Macbeth  #15), authors: M.C. Beaton
A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare: 1599, authors: James Shapiro
Who Was William Shakespeare?, authors: Celeste Davidson Mannis, John   O'Brien
Planet of the Apes, authors: Pierre Boulle, Xan Fielding
Planet of the Apes: Colony, authors: William T. Quick
Planet of the Apes  Volume 1: Old Gods, authors: Ian Edginton
Planet of the Apes: The Fall, authors: William T. Quick
Return to the Planet of the Apes #2: Escape from Terror Lagoon, authors: William Arrow
Return to the Planet of the Apes:  Visions from Nowhere, authors: William Arrow
Planet of the Apes: The Human War, authors: Ian Edginton
Battle for the Planet of the Apes, authors: David Gerrold, John William Corrington, Joyce Hooper Corrington
World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War, authors: Max Brooks
The War of the Worlds, authors: H.G. Wells, Arthur C. Clarke
The Second World War: A Complete History, authors: Martin  Gilbert
A Short History of World War II, authors: James L. Stokesbury
The Complete Science Fiction Treasury of H.G. Wells, authors: H.G. Wells
Best Science Fiction Stories of H. G. Wells, authors: H.G. Wells
The Invisible Man, authors: H.G. Wells
The Hound of the Baskervilles, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Anne Perry, Sidney Paget
The Hound of the Baskervilles (Sherlock Holmes  #5), authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, David Timson
The Hound of the Baskervilles, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Pam Smy
Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Hound of the Baskervilles (Great Illustrated Classics), authors: Malvina G. Vogel, Arthur Conan Doyle
Jamie's Italy, authors: Jamie Oliver, David Loftus, Chris Terry
Jamie's Dinners: The Essential Family Cookbook, authors: Jamie Oliver, Marion Deuchars, David Loftus, Chris Terry
The Lake of Souls (Cirque du Freak #10), authors: Darren Shan
Freak the Mighty (Freak The Mighty  #1), authors: Rodman Philbrick
Word Freak: Heartbreak  Triumph  Genius  and Obsession in the World of Competitive Scrabble Players, authors: Stefan Fatsis
Vampire Mountain (Cirque Du Freak  #4), authors: Darren Shan
Jesus Freaks: Stories of Those Who Stood for Jesus  the Ultimate Jesus Freaks (Jesus Freaks  #1), authors: D.C. Talk, The Voice of the Martyrs
Trials of Death (Cirque Du Freak  #5), authors: Darren Shan
Sister Freaks: Stories of Women Who Gave Up Everything for God, authors: Rebecca St. James, Mary E. DeMuth, Tracey Lawrence, Elizabeth Jusino
Freaks of the Storm: From Flying Cows to Stealing Thunder: The World's Strangest True Weather Stories, authors: Randy Cerveny
Freak Show: Presenting Human Oddities for Amusement and Profit, authors: Robert Bogdan
Live Like a Jesus Freak: Spend Today as If It Were Your Last, authors: D.C. Talk
Freaks!: How to Draw Fantastic Fantasy Creatures, authors: Steve  Miller
Jesus Freaks, authors: Andre Duza
Category: Freaks  Vol. 1 (Category: Freaks  #1), authors: Sakurako Gokurakuin, Lindsey Johnston
Hello Cruel World: 101 Alternatives to Suicide for Teens  Freaks  and Other Outlaws, authors: Kate Bornstein, Sara Quin
Don't Get Too Comfortable: The Indignities of Coach Class  The Torments of Low Thread Count  The Never-Ending Quest for Artisanal Olive Oil  and Other First World Problems, authors: David Rakoff
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell (Tucker Max  #1), authors: Tucker Max
Holidays on Ice, authors: David Sedaris
The Long Walk: The True Story of a Trek to Freedom, authors: Sławomir Rawicz
The Long Walk, authors: Richard Bachman, Stephen King
Long Walk to Freedom: Autobiography of Nelson Mandela, authors: Nelson Mandela, Kofi Annan, Danny Glover
Navajo Long Walk, authors: Nancy M. Armstrong, Paulette Livers-Lambert
The Devil in the White City: Murder  Magic and Madness at the Fair that Changed America, authors: Erik Larson
The Devil in the White City Murder  Magic  and Madness at the Fair That Changed America, authors: Erik Larson
The Historian's Craft: Reflections on the Nature and Uses of History and the Techniques and Methods of Those Who Write It., authors: Marc Bloch, Peter Putnam, Joseph Reese Strayer
Charles Dickens as a Legal Historian, authors: William Holdsworth
The Progressive Historians: Turner  Beard  Parrington (Phoenix Book), authors: Richard Hofstadter
What Did the Constitution Mean to Early Americans? (Historians at Work), authors: Edward Countryman
The Historian, authors: Elizabeth Kostova, Paul Michael, Justine Eyre
See No Evil: The True Story of a Ground Soldier in the CIA's War on Terrorism, authors: Robert B. Baer
In a Dry Season (Inspector Banks  #10), authors: Peter Robinson
Plants and Landscapes for Summer-Dry Climates of the San Francisco Bay Region, authors: East Bay M. U. D. Staff, Nora Harlow, Jill M. Singleton, Barrie D. Coate, Kristine Sandoe
In Focus: National Geographic Greatest Portraits, authors: Leah Bendavid-Val, National Geographic Society
Portrait Photographer's Handbook, authors: Bill Hurter
Portrait in Death (In Death  #16), authors: J.D. Robb
Posing for Portrait Photography: A Head-To-Toe Guide, authors: Jeff   Smith
Le Portrait de Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde, Michel Etienne, Daniel Mortier
The Portrait of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde, Elizabeth  Gray
The Picture of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde, Donald L. Lawler
The Picture of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde, Michael Gillespie
The Picture of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde, Joseph Bristow
An Arab-Syrian Gentleman and Warrior in the Period of the Crusades: Memoirs of Usamah Ibn-Munqidh, authors: Usamah ibn Munqidh, Philip Khuri Hitti, Richard W. Bulliet
Technical Manual and Dictionary of Classical Ballet, authors: Gail Grant
The Ballet Companion: A Dancer's Guide to the Technique  Traditions  and Joys of Ballet, authors: Eliza Gaynor Minden
Ballet Class, authors: John         Green, Caroline Denzler
NYC Ballet Workout, authors: Peter Martins, Paul Kolnik, Richard Corman, Howard  Kaplan
The Illustrated Book of Ballet Stories (with CD), authors: Barbara  Newman, Gill Tomblin, Darcey Bussell
Lara's Leap of Faith (The Royal Ballet School Diaries  #2), authors: Alexandra Moss, Veronica Bennett
Isabelle's Perfect Performance (The Royal Ballet School Diaries  #3), authors: Alexandra Moss
The Barefoot Book Of Ballet Stories, authors: Jane Yolen
Boys or Ballet? (Royal Ballet School Diaries  #8), authors: Alexandra Moss
101 Stories of the Great Ballets: The Scene-by-Scene Stories of the Most Popular Ballets  Old and New, authors: George Balanchine, Francis Mason
Ballet for Dummies, authors: Scott Speck, Evelyn Cisneros
Time for Ballet, authors: Adèle Geras, Shelagh McNicholas, Adèle Geras
Ballet in Western Culture: A History of Its Origins and Evolution, authors: Carol Lee
Angelina's Ballet Class, authors: Katharine Holabird, Helen Craig
San Francisco Ballet at Seventy-Five, authors: Janice Ross, Allan Ulrich, Brigitte Lefevre
Ballet and Modern Dance, authors: Susan Au
Teaching Classical Ballet, authors: John               White
Drat! We're Rats! (Scrambled Legs  #1), authors: Jahnna N. Malcolm
Battle of the Bunheads (Scrambled Legs  #2), authors: Jahnna N. Malcolm
Blubberina (Scrambled Legs  #5), authors: Jahnna N. Malcolm
The Books in My Life, authors: Henry Miller
The Smoke Jumper, authors: Nicholas Evans
La casa de los espíritus, authors: Isabel Allende
Last Chance Saloon, authors: Marian Keyes
Anybody Out There? (Walsh Family  #4), authors: Marian Keyes
Watermelon (Walsh Family  #1), authors: Marian Keyes
Rachel's Holiday (Walsh Family  #2), authors: Marian Keyes
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married, authors: Marian Keyes
Essays and Stories by Marian Keyes: Bags  Trips  Make-up Tips  Charity  Glory  and the Darker Side of the Story, authors: Marian Keyes
No Dress Rehearsal, authors: Marian Keyes
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 10, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 5 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #5), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
The House of the Spirits, authors: Isabel Allende, Magda Botin
The House of the Spirits, authors: Isabel Allende, Madga Bogin, Christopher Hitchens
How To Meditate: An Anthology Of Talks On Meditation And "Meditation: The Bridge Is Flowing But The River Is Not, authors: Frederick P. Lenz
Insights: Talks On The Nature Of Existence, authors: Frederick P. Lenz
Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid, authors: Jimmy Carter
Our Endangered Values: America's Moral Crisis, authors: Jimmy Carter
An Hour Before Daylight: Memories of a Rural Boyhood, authors: Jimmy Carter
The Real Jimmy Carter: How Our Worst Ex-President Undermines American Foreign Policy  Coddles Dictators and Created the Party of Clinton and Kerry, authors: Steven F. Hayward
The Virtues of Aging, authors: Jimmy Carter
Living Faith, authors: Jimmy Carter
Sharing Good Times, authors: Jimmy Carter
Until I Find You, authors: John Irving
Atlas Shrugged, authors: Ayn Rand
Atlas Shrugged, authors: Ayn Rand, Leonard Peikoff
Atlas Shrugged, authors: Ayn Rand
Atlas Shrugged, authors: Ayn Rand
Skinny Legs and All, authors: Tom Robbins
Fannie Flagg's Original Whistle Stop Cafe Cookbook, authors: Fannie Flagg
Free Play: Improvisation in Life and Art, authors: Stephen Nachmanovitch
The Sari Shop, authors: Rupa Bajwa
Confessions of a Shopaholic (Shopaholic  #1), authors: Sophie Kinsella
Shopaholic and Sister (Shopaholic  #4), authors: Sophie Kinsella
Shopaholic Takes Manhattan (Shopaholic  #2), authors: Sophie Kinsella
Shopaholic Ties the Knot (Shopaholic  #3), authors: Sophie Kinsella
Shopaholic & Baby (Shopaholic  #5), authors: Sophie Kinsella
The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic (Shopaholic  #1), authors: Sophie Kinsella
The Story of Chicago May, authors: Nuala O'Faolain
Chicago Stories, authors: James T. Farrell, Charles Fanning
Chicago Stories: Tales of the City, authors: John  Miller, Stuart Dybek
The Basic Works of Aristotle, authors: Aristotle, Richard Peter McKeon, C.D.C. Reeve
Fear and Trembling and The Sickness Unto Death, authors: Søren Kierkegaard, Walter Lowrie
Selections from Don Quixote - Selecciones de Don Quijote de la Mancha, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Stanley Appelbaum
The Complete Collected Poems, authors: Maya Angelou
Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, A.V. Miller, John Niemeyer Findlay
Preface to the Phenomenology of Spirit, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Yirmiyahu Yovel
Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit, authors: Martin Heidegger, Kenneth Maly, Parvis Emad
Plato: Complete Works, authors: Plato, John M. Cooper, Benjamin Jowett, Dorothea Frede, Alexander Nehamas, Paul Woodruff, Anthony Kenny, Rosamond Kent Sprague, Nicholas D. Smith, Karen Bell, D.S. Hutchinson, Donald J. Zeyl, Francisco J. González, Diskin Clay, Malcolm Schofield, Glenn R. Morrow, Jonathan Barnes, G.M.A. Grube, Brad Inwood, Mark Joyal, Jackson P. Hershbell, J.M. Edmonds, C.D.C. Reeve, Myles Burnyeat, Nicholas P. White, Mary Louise Gill, C.J. Rowe, Stanley Lombardo, David Gallop, Jeffrey Mitscherling, Richard D. McKiharan Jr., Andrew S. Becker, Mark Reuter, M.J. Levett, Paul        Ryan
A Guided Tour of 5 Works by Plato: Euthyphro/Apology/Crito/Phaedo/Cave, authors: Christopher Biffle, Plato
Midnight for Charlie Bone (The Children of the Red King  #1), authors: Jenny Nimmo
The Midnight Mystery (The Boxcar Children  #95), authors: Gertrude Chandler Warner
Within a Budding Grove (In Search of Lost Time  #2), authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Terence Kilmartin, D.J. Enright
Exclusion & Embrace: A Theological Exploration of Identity  Otherness  and Reconciliation, authors: Miroslav Volf
A Time to Embrace (Timeless Love  #2), authors: Karen Kingsbury
Devil's Embrace (Devil  #1), authors: Catherine Coulter
The Book of Embraces, authors: Eduardo Galeano, Cedric Belfrage, Mark Schafer
Experiencing Father's Embrace, authors: Jack Frost
A Time to Embrace: Same-Gender Relationships in Religion  Law  and Politics, authors: William Stacy Johnson
Memory's Embrace (Corbins  #3), authors: Linda Lael Miller
Beauty: The Invisible Embrace, authors: John O'Donohue
Embrace, authors: Mark Behr
Saving Fish from Drowning, authors: Amy Tan
Un Lugar Llamado Nada, authors: Amy Tan, Claudia Conde
Virginia Woolf: An Inner Life, authors: Julia Briggs
Measure for Measure, authors: William Shakespeare
Henry Adams and the Making of America, authors: Garry Wills
Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood (Persepolis  #1), authors: Marjane Satrapi, Mattias Ripa
Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return (Persepolis  #2), authors: Marjane Satrapi, Anjali Singh
Chicken with Plums, authors: Marjane Satrapi
Embroideries, authors: Marjane Satrapi, Anjali Singh
The Shadow of the Wind (The Cemetery of Forgotten Books  #1), authors: Carlos Ruiz Zafón, Lucia Graves
Peter and the Shadow Thieves (Peter and the Starcatchers  #2), authors: Dave Barry, Ridley Pearson, Greg Call
Ender's Shadow (The Shadow Series  #1), authors: Orson Scott Card
Shadow of the Hegemon (The Shadow Series  #2), authors: Orson Scott Card
Shadow Dance (Buchanan-Renard  #6), authors: Julie Garwood
The Shadow Rising (The Wheel of Time  #4), authors: Robert Jordan
The Shadow Party: How George Soros  Hillary Clinton  and Sixties Radicals Seized Control of the Democratic Party, authors: David Horowitz, Richard Poe
Cast in Shadow (Chronicles of Elantra  #1), authors: Michelle Sagara, Michelle Sagara West
Owning Your Own Shadow: Understanding the Dark Side of the Psyche, authors: Robert A. Johnson
In Praise of Shadows, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Thomas J. Harper, Edward G. Seidensticker
Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot, authors: Elisabeth Elliot
Shadow Game (GhostWalkers  #1), authors: Christine Feehan
The Elephant Vanishes, authors: Haruki Murakami, Alfred Birnbaum, Jay Rubin
Sputnik Sweetheart, authors: Haruki Murakami, Philip Gabriel
Back to Wando Passo, authors: David     Payne
Still Life with Woodpecker, authors: Tom Robbins
Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas, authors: Tom Robbins
Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates, authors: Tom Robbins
PanAroma: Jitterbug Perfume, authors: Tom Robbins, Nikolaus Hansen
Ein Platz für Hot Dogs: Another Roadside Attraction, authors: Tom Robbins, Pociao, Roberto de Hollanda
Halbschlaf im Froschpyjama, authors: Tom Robbins, Pociao, Walter Hartmann
God Bless You  Mr. Rosewater, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Wampeters  Foma and Granfalloons, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Mother Night, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Galápagos, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Timequake, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Slapstick  or Lonesome No More!, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Like Shaking Hands with God: A Conversation About Writing, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Lee Stringer
Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Sun  Moon  Star, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Ivan Chermayeff
Cat's Cradle/God Bless You Mr. Rosewater/Breakfast of Champions, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales, authors: Ray Bradbury
Farewell Summer (Green Town  #3), authors: Ray Bradbury
Classic Stories 1: The Golden Apples of the Sun/R is for Rocket, authors: Ray Bradbury
Dandelion Wine, authors: Ray Bradbury
The Homecoming, authors: Ray Bradbury, Dave McKean
Zen in the Art of Writing: Essays on Creativity, authors: Ray Bradbury
Switch on the Night, authors: Ray Bradbury, Leo Dillon, Diane Dillon
The Best of Ray Bradbury, authors: Ray Bradbury, Dave Gibbons, Richard Corben, Mike Mignola
The Bradbury Chronicles: The Life of Ray Bradbury, authors: Sam Weller
The Cat's Pajamas, authors: Ray Bradbury
Essays, authors: George Orwell, John Carey
Why I Write, authors: George Orwell
Homage to Catalonia, authors: George Orwell, Lionel Trilling
Keep the Aspidistra Flying, authors: George Orwell
The Orwell Reader: Fiction  Essays  and Reportage, authors: George Orwell, Richard H. Rovere
If on a Winter's Night a Traveler, authors: Italo Calvino, William Weaver, Peter Washington
Parachutes & Kisses, authors: Erica Jong
Fear of Fifty: A Midlife Memoir, authors: Erica Jong
How to Save Your Own Life: An Isadora Wing Novel, authors: Erica Jong, Anthony Burgess
Any Woman's Blues, authors: Erica Jong
What Do Women Want?: Essays by Erica Jong, authors: Erica Jong
Fanny: Being the True History of the Adventures of Fanny Hackabout-Jones, authors: Erica Jong
Serenissima aka Shylock's Daughter, authors: Erica Jong
Dogeaters, authors: Jessica Hagedorn
Crescent and Star: Turkey Between Two Worlds, authors: Stephen Kinzer
Love in the Time of Cholera, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Edith Grossman
El amor en los tiempos del cólera, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Gabriel Garcia Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera: A Reader's Guide, authors: Thomas Fahy
The Unbearable Lightness of Being, authors: Milan Kundera, Michael Henry Heim
Obasan, authors: Joy Kogawa
Ender's Game Boxed Set: Ender's Game  Ender's Shadow  Shadow of the Hegemon, authors: Orson Scott Card
Speaker for the Dead (Ender's Saga  #2), authors: Orson Scott Card
The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream, authors: Barack Obama
Mao: The Unknown Story, authors: Jung Chang, Jon Halliday
The Art of War, authors: Mao Zedong
Oracle Bones: A Journey Between China's Past and Present, authors: Peter Hessler
Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China, authors: Jung Chang
The Wild Swans, authors: Peg Kerr
Women in Love, authors: D.H. Lawrence
Women Who Love Too Much, authors: Robin Norwood
Men Who Hate Women and the Women Who Love Them: When Loving Hurts and You Don't Know Why, authors: Susan Forward, Joan Torres
A Walk in the Woods: Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail, authors: Bill Bryson
A Walk in the Woods: Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail, authors: Bill Bryson
A Walk in the Woods (Stickerific), authors: Walt Disney Company
The Fortress of Solitude, authors: Jonathan Lethem
Fortress of Solitude / The Devil Genghis, authors: Kenneth Robeson, Lester Dent
Our Ancestors: The Cloven Viscount  The Baron in the Trees  The Non-Existent Knight, authors: Italo Calvino
Difficult Loves, authors: Italo Calvino
The Nonexistent Knight & The Cloven Viscount, authors: Italo Calvino
The View from Castle Rock, authors: Alice Munro
The View From Castle Rock, authors: Alice Munro
Crossing to Safety, authors: Wallace Stegner, Terry Tempest Williams, T.H. Watkins
Oh Rats! The Story of Rats and People, authors: Albert Marrin, C.B. Mordan
King Rat (Asian Saga  #4), authors: James Clavell
Rat Bastards: The Life and Times of South Boston's Most Honorable Irish Mobster, authors: John "Red" Shea, Mark Wahlberg
Julius Knipl  Real Estate Photographer: The Beauty Supply District, authors: Ben Katchor
Blind Willow  Sleeping Woman: 24 Stories, authors: Haruki Murakami, Ellen Archer, Patrick Lawlor
Blind Willow  Sleeping Woman, authors: Haruki Murakami, Philip Gabriel, Jay Rubin
The Bookseller of Kabul, authors: Åsne Seierstad, Ingrid Christopherson
Jasmine and Stars: Reading More Than Lolita in Tehran, authors: Fatemeh Keshavarz
Making Globalization Work, authors: Joseph E. Stiglitz
Prep : A Novel, authors: Curtis Sittenfeld
Tan fuerte  tan cerca, authors: Jonathan Safran Foer
The Wizard of Oz, authors: Salman Rushdie, Richard Maltby, Melvyn Bragg
The Ground Beneath Her Feet, authors: Salman Rushdie
The Moor's Last Sigh, authors: Salman Rushdie
Los Versos Satánicos, authors: Salman Rushdie
Dangling Man, authors: Saul Bellow, Salman Rushdie
Grimus, authors: Salman Rushdie
Breakfast at Tiffany's, authors: Truman Capote
Jesus' Son, authors: Denis Johnson
Angels, authors: Denis Johnson
The Throne of the Third Heaven of the Nations Millennium General Assembly: Poems Collected and New, authors: Denis Johnson
The Stars at Noon, authors: Denis Johnson
The Rules of Attraction, authors: Bret Easton Ellis
Glamorama, authors: Bret Easton Ellis
Less Than Zero, authors: Bret Easton Ellis
A Christmas Memory, authors: Truman Capote
In Cold Blood, authors: Truman Capote, Bob Colacello
The Southern Haunting of Truman Capote, authors: James C.    Simmons, Marie Rudisill
Summer Crossing, authors: Truman Capote
Answered Prayers, authors: Truman Capote
The Grass Harp  Including A Tree of Night and Other Stories, authors: Truman Capote
From Babylon to Timbuktu: A History of the Ancient Black Races Including the Black Hebrews, authors: Rudolph R. Windsor, El Hagahn
Cruelest Journey: Six Hundred Miles To Timbuktu, authors: Kira Salak
Between Time and Timbuktu or Prometheus-5, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Murder in Amsterdam: The Death of Theo van Gogh and the Limits of Tolerance, authors: Ian Buruma
The Cement Garden, authors: Ian McEwan
Atonement, authors: Ian McEwan
Gertrud The Great Of Helfta: Spiritual Exercises, authors: Gertrude the Great, Gertrud Jaron Lewis
Gertrud, authors: Hermann Hesse
Der Prozess, authors: Franz Kafka
Naokos Lächeln, authors: Haruki Murakami, Ursula Gräfe
The Ruined Map, authors: Kōbō Abe, E. Dale Saunders
The Face of Another, authors: Kōbō Abe, E. Dale Saunders
Three Plays: Involuntary Homicide / The Green Stockings / The Ghost is Here, authors: Kōbō Abe, Donald Keene
Secret Rendezvous, authors: Kōbō Abe, Juliet Winters Carpenter
Oracle Night, authors: Paul Auster
Eleanor Rigby, authors: Douglas Coupland
Homo Faber, authors: Max Frisch
Erläuterungen Zu Max Frisch  Homo Faber, authors: Bernd Matzkowski
Homo faber: Ein Bericht., authors: Max Frisch
The Philosophy of Jean-Paul Sartre, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre
Being and Nothingness, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre, Hazel E. Barnes, Mary Warnock, Richard Eyre
The Age of Reason, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre
Die Entdeckung der Langsamkeit, authors: Sten Nadolny
Youth in Revolt: The Journals of Nick Twisp, authors: C.D. Payne
And I Don't Want to Live This Life: A Mother's Story of Her Daughter's Murder, authors: Deborah Spungen
Sid and Nancy: Love Kills, authors: Alex Cox, Abbe Wool
Flags of Our Fathers, authors: James D. Bradley, Ron Powers
Flags of Our Fathers: A Young People's Edition, authors: Michael R. French, Ron Powers, James D. Bradley
A Long Way Down, authors: Nick Hornby
Clockwork (Cover to Cover), authors: Philip Pullman
Mary Queen of Scots, authors: Antonia Fraser
Mary Queen of Scots and the Murder of Lord Darnley, authors: Alison Weir
On the Trail of Mary  Queen of Scots, authors: J. Keith Cheetham
River of Blue Fire (Otherland  #2), authors: Tad Williams
Mary  Queen of Scots: Queen Without a Country, authors: Kathryn Lasky
Mountain of Black Glass (Otherland  #3), authors: Tad Williams
Mary  Queen of Scots: Pride  Passion and a Kingdom Lost, authors: Jenny Wormald
Queen of Scots: The True Life of Mary Stuart, authors: John Guy
The Last Wife of Henry VIII, authors: Carolly Erickson
The Children of Henry VIII, authors: Alison Weir
The Last Days of Henry VIII, authors: Robert Hutchinson
The Autobiography of Henry VIII: With Notes by His Fool  Will Somers, authors: Margaret George
Henry VIII (Shakespeare  Pelican), authors: William Shakespeare, Stephen Orgel
The Memoirs of Cleopatra, authors: Margaret George
Saint George and the Dragon, authors: Margaret Hodges, Trina Schart Hyman
Kiss Me Like a Stranger: My Search for Love and Art, authors: Gene Wilder
Wie ich eines schönen Morgens im April das 100%ige Mädchen sah, authors: Haruki Murakami, Nora Bierich
The Complete Sherlock Holmes  Volume I, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Kyle Freeman
The Complete Sherlock Holmes  Volume II, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Kyle Freeman
The Last of Her Kind, authors: Sigrid Nunez
Anatomy of Love: A Natural History of Mating  Marriage  and Why We Stray, authors: Helen Fisher
The Devil's in the Details (A Camilla MacPhee Mystery  #4), authors: Mary Jane Maffini
Wigfield: The Can-Do Town That Just May Not, authors: Amy Sedaris, Stephen Colbert, Paul Dinello
The SantaLand Diaries and Season's Greetings, authors: David Sedaris, Joe Mantello
Jenny and the Jaws of Life: Short Stories, authors: Jincy Willett, David Sedaris
Venac sonetnih venaca; Puževa srma, authors: Dobrica Erić
View With a Grain of Sand: Selected Poems, authors: Wisława Szymborska, Stanisław Barańczak, Clare Cavanagh
View with a Grain of Sand: Selected Poems, authors: Wisława Szymborska
Poems New and Collected, authors: Wisława Szymborska, Clare Cavanagh
Sounds  Feelings  Thoughts:  Seventy Poems by Wislawa Szymborska, authors: Wisława Szymborska, Magnus J. Kruyski
Miracle Fair: Selected Poems, authors: Wisława Szymborska, Joanna Trzeciak, Czesław Miłosz
Jane Eyre, authors: Charlotte Brontë, Michael Mason
The Far Pavilions, authors: M.M. Kaye
Death in Kashmir, authors: M.M. Kaye
The Sun in the Morning: My Early Years in India and England, authors: M.M. Kaye
Death in the Andamans, authors: M.M. Kaye
Death in Berlin, authors: M.M. Kaye
The Far Pavilions, authors: M.M. Kaye
Enchanted Evening, authors: M.M. Kaye
Pathologies of Power: Health  Human Rights and the New War on the Poor, authors: Paul Farmer, Amartya Sen
Infections and Inequalities: The Modern Plagues, authors: Paul Farmer
Mountains Beyond Mountains: The Quest of Dr. Paul Farmer  a Man Who Would Cure the World, authors: Tracy Kidder
The Tao of Physics: An Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism, authors: Fritjof Capra
Dr. Mary's Monkey: How the Unsolved Murder of a Doctor  a Secret Laboratory in New Orleans and Cancer-Causing Monkey Viruses are Linked to Lee Harvey Oswald  the JFK Assassination and Emerging Global Epidemics, authors: Edward T. Haslam, Jim Marrs
The Art of Richard P. Feynman, authors: Michelle Feynman
The Early History of God: Yahweh and the Other Deities in Ancient Israel, authors: Mark S. Smith, Patrick D. Miller
Haiti  History  and the Gods, authors: Joan Dayan, Colin Dayan
Acts of God: The Unnatural History of Natural Disaster in America, authors: Ted Steinberg
The World's Religions, authors: Huston Smith
Introduction to World Religions, authors: Christopher Partridge
FDR's Folly: How Roosevelt and His New Deal Prolonged the Great Depression, authors: Jim  Powell
Folly and Glory (The Berrybender Narratives  #4), authors: Larry McMurtry
The Argumentative Indian: Writings on Indian History  Culture and Identity, authors: Amartya Sen
Argumentative Indian: Writings On Indian History Culture And Identity, authors: Amartya Sen
Things to Bring  S#!t to Do: And Other Inventories of Anxiety: My Life in Lists, authors: Karen Rizzo
Dumpy's Valentine, authors: Julie Andrews Edwards, Emma Walton Hamilton, Tony Walton, Ruby Randig
Mandy, authors: Julie Andrews Edwards, Johanna Westerman
Giraffes Can't Dance, authors: Giles Andreae, Guy Parker-Rees, Hugh Laurie
The Medici Giraffe and Other Tales of Exotic Animals and Power, authors: Marina Belozerskaya
The Giraffe Who Was Afraid of Heights (Physical & Behavioral Adaptation), authors: David A. Ufer, Kirsten Carlson
Where the Red Fern Grows with Connections, authors: Wilson Rawls, Rafe Martin, Borden Deal, Kemp P. Battle, Robert Bethke, Harold Courlander, Maya Angelou, Nicholasa Mohr, Dick Perry, John R. Erickson
Summer of the Monkeys, authors: Wilson Rawls
Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance, authors: Barack Obama
Doctor Who: Cat's Cradle-Time's Crucible, authors: Marc Platt
Doctor Who: Cat's Cradle-Witch Mark, authors: Andrew    Hunt
Doctor Who: Cat's Cradle-Warhead, authors: Andrew Cartmel
He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys, authors: Greg Behrendt, Liz Tuccillo
Do Not Open This Book, authors: Michaela Muntean, Pascal Lemaître
Not Your Mother's Slow Cooker Cookbook, authors: Beth Hensperger, Julie Kaufmann
Hands Are Not for Hitting (Ages 4-7), authors: Martine Agassi, Marieka Heinlen
Not So Big House, authors: Sarah Susanka, Kira Obolensky
Rodinsky's Room, authors: Rachel Lichtenstein, Iain Sinclair
The Rough Guide to Cuba 3, authors: Fiona McAuslan, Matthew  Norman
Cuba: A New History, authors: Richard Gott
Cuba 15, authors: Nancy Osa
Cuba (Jake Grafton #7), authors: Stephen Coonts
The Memory Keeper's Daughter, authors: Kim Edwards
Too Far to Go: The Maples Stories, authors: John Updike
Far to Go (Margaret Thursday  #2), authors: Noel Streatfeild
The Children on the Top Floor, authors: Noel Streatfeild
Desolation Angels, authors: Jack Kerouac, Joyce Johnson
Healing With Whole Foods: Asian Traditions and Modern Nutrition, authors: Paul Pitchford
The New Whole Foods Encyclopedia: A Comprehensive Resource for Healthy Eating, authors: Rebecca  Wood, Paul Pitchford
The Discomfort Zone: A Personal Journey, authors: Jonathan Franzen
The Parrot's Lament  and Other True Tales of Animal Intrigue  Intelligence  and Ingenuity, authors: Eugene Linden
Postscript to the Name of the Rose, authors: Umberto Eco
El nombre de la rosa, authors: Umberto Eco
Baby Names for Dummies, authors: Margaret  Rose, Heather Rose Jones
The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana, authors: Umberto Eco, Geoffrey Brock
History of Beauty, authors: Umberto Eco, Girolamo De Michele, Alastair McEwen, Agnolo di Cosimo Bronzino
Baudolino, authors: Umberto Eco, William Weaver, R.C.S. Libri
Travels in Hyperreality, authors: Umberto Eco, John Radziewicz, William Weaver
How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays, authors: Umberto Eco, William Weaver
A Theory of Semiotics, authors: Umberto Eco
Art and Beauty in the Middle Ages, authors: Umberto Eco, Hugh Bredin
Mouse or Rat?: Translation as Negotiation, authors: Umberto Eco
The Role of the Reader: Explorations in the Semiotics of Texts, authors: Umberto Eco
Libraries, authors: Candida Höfer, Umberto Eco
The Art of War, authors: Sun Tzu, Thomas Cleary, Pulat Otkan, Giray Fidan
Sun Tzu: The Art of War for Managers; 50 Strategic Rules, authors: Sun Tzu, Gerald A. Michaelson
The Art of War, authors: Sun Tzu, Ralph D. Sawyer
The Lost Continent:  Travels in Small-town America, authors: Bill Bryson
Made in America: An Informal History of the English Language in the United States, authors: Bill Bryson
Ulysses, authors: James Joyce, Declan Kiberd
The Long-Lost Map (Ulysses Moore #2), authors: Pierdomenico Baccalario, Iacopo Bruno, Leah D. Janeczko
The Wicked Wit of Charles Dickens, authors: Shelley Klein, Charles Dickens
The Three Musketeers, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Barbara T. Cooper
The Three Musketeers, authors: Alexandre Dumas, Michael Page
The Three Musketeers (Great Illustrated Classics), authors: Malvina G. Vogel, Alexandre Dumas
The Three Musketeers (The d'Artagnan Romances. #1), authors: Alexandre Dumas, Keith Wren
Lisey's Story, authors: Stephen King
King Arthur Flour Whole Grain Baking: Delicious Recipes Using Nutritious Whole Grains, authors: King Arthur Flour
King Dork (King Dork  #1), authors: Frank Portman
A Clash of Kings  (A Song of Ice and Fire  #2), authors: George R.R. Martin
The Colorado Kid, authors: Stephen King
Stationary Bike, authors: Stephen King, Ron McLarty
Everything's Eventual: 14 Dark Tales, authors: Stephen King
The Mist, authors: Stephen King, ZBS Foundation
Pet Sematary, authors: Stephen King
Insomnia, authors: Stephen King, Bettina Blanch Tyroller
The Stephen King Collection: Stories from Night Shift, authors: Stephen King, John  Glover
The Man in the Black Suit: 4 Dark Tales, authors: Stephen King, Ana Juan, John Cullum, Becky Ann Baker, Íñigo Jáuregui, Peter Gerety, Arliss Howard
The Shining, authors: Stephen King, Campbell Scott
Stephen King: America's Best-Loved Boogeyman, authors: George Beahm
The Illustrated Stephen King Trivia Book, authors: Brian James Freeman, Bev Vincent, Glenn Chadbourne
Gray Matter and Other Stories from Night Shift, authors: Stephen King, John  Glover
Cujo, authors: Stephen King
Thinner, authors: Richard Bachman, Stephen King
Stephen King from A to Z: An Encyclopedia of His Life and Work, authors: George Beahm
Black House (The Talisman  #2), authors: Stephen King, Peter Straub
The Stephen King Universe: A Guide to the Worlds of the King of Horror, authors: Stanley Wiater, Christopher Golden, Hank Wagner
Night Shift, authors: Stephen King
Misery, authors: Stephen King
The Bachman Books, authors: Richard Bachman, Stephen King
Misery, authors: Stephen King, María Mir
Carrie, authors: Stephen King
Four Past Midnight: Featuring "The Langoliers, authors: Stephen King
Christine, authors: Stephen King, Marie Milpois
Sam Walton: Made In America, authors: Sam Walton, John Huey
The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe, authors: Roger Penrose
The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less, authors: Barry Schwartz
Coach: Lessons on the Game of Life, authors: Michael   Lewis
Losers: The Road to Everyplace But the White House, authors: Michael   Lewis
Next: The Future Just Happened, authors: Michael   Lewis
The Ends of the Earth: A Journey to the Frontiers of Anarchy, authors: Robert D. Kaplan
Salvation to the Ends of the Earth: A Biblical Theology of Mission (New Studies in Biblical Theology (InterVarsity Press)  #11), authors: Andreas J. Köstenberger, Peter T. O'Brien
The Ends Of The Earth: A Journey At The Dawn Of The 21st Century, authors: Robert D. Kaplan
When Genius Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long-Term Capital Management, authors: Roger Lowenstein
When Genius Failed: The Rise And Fall Of Long Term Capital Management, authors: Roger Lowenstein
The Secret of Fantasy Forest (Sweet Valley Kids #67), authors: Francine Pascal, Molly Mia Stewart, Ying-Hwa Hu
Pearl and Wagner: Three Secrets, authors: Kate McMullan, Janet Allison Brown, R.W. Alley
A History of Britain: The Fate Of Empire 1776-2000 (A History of Britain  #3), authors: Simon Schama
The Devil in the White City Murder  Magic and Madness at the Fair that Changed America, authors: Erik Larson
O Historiador, authors: Elizabeth Kostova
Kim, authors: Rudyard Kipling, Jeffrey Meyers
Birds Without Wings, authors: Louis de Bernières
God Knows, authors: Joseph Heller
Picture This, authors: Joseph Heller
Closing Time, authors: Joseph Heller
Good as Gold, authors: Joseph Heller
Something Happened, authors: Joseph Heller
Archie Americana Series: Best of the Eighties  Vol. 1, authors: George Gladir, John L. Goldwater, Steve Geppi, Michael I. Silberkleit
The Moviegoer, authors: Walker Percy
Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West, authors: Gregory Maguire, Douglas Smith
Wicked: Memorias de una bruja mala (Los años malvados  #1), authors: Gregory Maguire, Claudia Conde
The Sword and the Shield: The Mitrokhin Archive & the Secret History of the KGB, authors: Christopher M. Andrew, Vasili Mitrokhin
Lay Down My Sword And Shield (Hackberry Holland  #1), authors: James Lee Burke
Sword and Shield, authors: John Terra
A Year in the Merde, authors: Stephen Clarke
Merde!: The Real French You Were Never Taught at School, authors: Geneviève, Michael    Heath
Merde Encore!: More of the Real French You Were Never Taught at School, authors: Geneviève, Michael    Heath
Can't Wait to Get to Heaven, authors: Fannie Flagg, Cassandra Campbell
Green Hills of Africa, authors: Ernest Hemingway, Edward Shenton
Across the River and into the Trees, authors: Ernest Hemingway
Hemingway: The Paris Years, authors: Michael S. Reynolds
Adios Hemingway, authors: Leonardo Padura, John King
By-Line: Selected Articles and Dispatches of Four Decades, authors: Ernest Hemingway, William M. White
The Hemingway Women: Those Who Love Him - The Wives And Others, authors: Bernice Kert
Hemingway: A Biography, authors: Jeffrey Meyers
The Sword of Straw (The Sangreal Trilogy  #2), authors: Amanda Hemingway
A Farewell to Arms, authors: Ernest Hemingway, John Slattery
A Farewell to Arms, authors: Ernest Hemingway
The Big Rock Candy Mountain, authors: Wallace Stegner
Beyond the Hundredth Meridian: John Wesley Powell and the Second Opening of the West, authors: Wallace Stegner, Bernard DeVoto
Collected Stories, authors: Wallace Stegner, Lynn Stegner
All the Little Live Things, authors: Wallace Stegner
Where the Bluebird Sings to the Lemonade Springs, authors: Wallace Stegner, T.H. Watkins
Wallace Stegner: His Life and Work, authors: Jackson J. Benson
Letters of E.B. White, authors: E.B. White, Dorothy Lobrano Guth, Martha White, John Updike
Here Is New York, authors: E.B. White, Roger Angell, Barbara Cohen, Judith Stonehill
Charlotte's Web, authors: E.B. White, Garth Williams
Charlotte's Web, authors: E.B. White, Garth Williams
Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life, authors: Jon Lee Anderson, José Hernández, Leena Nivala
Gatsby's Girl, authors: Caroline Preston
In Search of Captain Zero: A Surfer's Road Trip Beyond the End of the Road, authors: Allan C. Weisbecker
Pipe Dream (Strivers Row), authors: Solomon Jones
The Pleasure of My Company, authors: Steve Martin
Shopgirl, authors: Steve Martin
The Mutineer: Rants  Ravings  and Missives from the Mountaintop  1977-2005, authors: Hunter S. Thompson
Generation of Swine: Tales of Shame and Degradation in the '80's, authors: Hunter S. Thompson
The Gonzo Way: A Celebration of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, authors: Anita Thompson
The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman  1955-1967, authors: Hunter S. Thompson, Douglas Brinkley
Einstein: His Life and Universe, authors: Walter Isaacson
The Wise Men: Six Friends and the World They Made, authors: Walter Isaacson, Evan Thomas
Kissinger, authors: Walter Isaacson
Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith, authors: Anne Lamott
Where Rainbows End, authors: Cecelia Ahern
Irish Girls Are Back in Town, authors: Cecelia Ahern, Patricia Scanlan, Gemma O'Connor, Sarah Webb, Maeve Binchy, Marian Keyes, Morag Prunty, Cathy Kelly, Colette Caddle, Marita Conlon-McKenna, Martina Devlin, Clare Dowling, Catherine Foley, Aine Greaney, Suzanne Higgins, Rosaleen Linehan, Joan O'Neill, Julie Parsons, Deirdre Purcell, Martina Reilly, Mary Ryan, Annie Sparrow, Una Brankin
There's No Place Like Here, authors: Cecelia Ahern
Final Rain (The Survivalist  #19), authors: Jerry Ahern
The Pursuit of Happyness, authors: Chris Gardner
Harvesting the Heart, authors: Jodi Picoult
The Tenth Circle, authors: Jodi Picoult
Mercy, authors: Jodi Picoult
Picture Perfect, authors: Jodi Picoult
Songs of the Humpback Whale, authors: Jodi Picoult
Salem Falls, authors: Jodi Picoult
The Pact, authors: Jodi Picoult
My Sister's Keeper, authors: Jodi Picoult
Cold Mountain, authors: Charles Frazier
The Collected Songs of Cold Mountain, authors: Hanshan, Red Pine, John Blofeld
For One More Day, authors: Mitch Albom
Just One More Day: A Memoir, authors: Susan    Lewis
Ya Sé Que Te Quiero, authors: Billy Crystal, Elizabeth Sayles
Absolutely Mahvelous, authors: Billy Crystal, Dick Schaap
The Last Innocent Man, authors: Phillip Margolin
Outlander (Outlander  #1), authors: Diana Gabaldon
A Breath of Snow and Ashes (Outlander  #6), authors: Diana Gabaldon
Outlander - The Exile of Sharad Hett (Star Wars: Ongoing  Volume 2), authors: Timothy Truman, Rick Leonardi, Tom Raney, Al Rio
The Fiery Cross (Outlander  #5), authors: Diana Gabaldon, Janos Farkas
Refuge (Outlanders  #36), authors: James Axler
Dragonfly in Amber (Outlander  #2), authors: Diana Gabaldon
Outlander, authors: Matt Keefe
Hydra's Ring (Outlanders  #39), authors: James Axler
Omega Path (Outlanders  #4), authors: James Axler
Savage Sun (Outlanders  #3), authors: James Axler
As I Lay Dying, authors: William Faulkner, E.L. Doctorow
Novels  1926-1929, authors: William Faulkner, Noel Polk, Joseph Blotner
Light in August, authors: William Faulkner
Novels 1942–1954: Go Down  Moses / Intruder in the Dust / Requiem for a Nun / A Fable, authors: William Faulkner, Noel Polk, Joseph Blotner
Selected Short Stories, authors: William Faulkner
Three Famous Short Novels: Spotted Horses Old Man the Bear, authors: William Faulkner
The Town, authors: William Faulkner
Voyager (Outlander  #3), authors: Diana Gabaldon
Drums of Autumn (Outlander  #4), authors: Diana Gabaldon
The Outlandish Companion: Companion to Outlander  Dragonfly in Amber  Voyager  and Drums of Autumn, authors: Diana Gabaldon
Lord John and the Private Matter (Lord John Grey  #1), authors: Diana Gabaldon
Cross Stitch (Outlander  #1), authors: Diana Gabaldon
The Eight, authors: Katherine Neville
Your Eight Year Old: Lively and Outgoing, authors: Louise Bates Ames, Frances L. Ilg, Carol C. Haber, Betty David
Eight Mindful Steps to Happiness: Walking the Buddha's Path, authors: Henepola Gunaratana
Eight Men Out: The Black Sox and the 1919 World Series, authors: Eliot Asinof, Stephen Jay Gould
Eleven on Top (Stephanie Plum  #11), authors: Janet Evanovich
El Clan Del Oso Cavernario, authors: Jean M. Auel, Leonor Tejada Conde-Pelayo
The Portable James Joyce, authors: James Joyce, Harry Levin
Dubliners, authors: James Joyce, Jeri Johnson, Thiên Lương
Finnegans Wake, authors: James Joyce
Jane Eyre, authors: Charlotte Brontë, Stevie Davies
Jane Eyre, authors: Charlotte Brontë, Richard J. Dunn
Jane Eyre, authors: Jane E. Gerver, Bill Dodge, Charlotte Brontë
Purity of Blood (Adventures of Captain Alatriste  #2), authors: Arturo Pérez-Reverte, Margaret Sayers Peden
Barnaby Rudge, authors: Charles Dickens, John Bowen, Hablot Knight Browne
No me cogeréis vivo: artículos 2001-2005, authors: Arturo Pérez-Reverte
The Flanders Panel, authors: Arturo Pérez-Reverte, Margaret Jull Costa
The Seville Communion, authors: Arturo Pérez-Reverte, Sonia Soto
Little Birds, authors: Anaïs Nin
The Diary of Anaïs Nin  Vol. 2: 1934-1939, authors: Anaïs Nin, Gunther Stuhlmann
Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love": The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin  1931-1932, authors: Anaïs Nin
House of Incest, authors: Anaïs Nin, Val Telberg
The Diary of Anaïs Nin  Vol. 3: 1939-1944, authors: Anaïs Nin, Gunther Stuhlmann
The Spectator Bird, authors: Wallace Stegner
The Big Book of Boy Stuff, authors: Bart King, Chris Sabatino
The Boys of Everest: Chris Bonington and the Tragedy of Climbing's Greatest Generation, authors: Clint Willis
Roald Dahl: The Storyteller (Famous Lives), authors: Jason Hook
Les Nouvelles Recettes irrésistibles de Roald Dahl, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Relatos de lo inesperado, authors: Roald Dahl, Carmelina Payá, Antonio Samons
Konfetti Ungemütliches + Ungezogenes, authors: Roald Dahl
The Sex Lives of Cannibals: Adrift in the Equatorial Pacific, authors: J. Maarten Troost
The Read-Aloud Handbook, authors: Jim Trelease
The Working Poor: Invisible in America, authors: David K. Shipler
First Comes Love (Hot Water  California #1), authors: Christie Ridgway
Eat Right 4 Your Type, authors: Peter J. D'Adamo, Catherine Whitney
The Annotated Gulliver's Travels, authors: Jonathan Swift, Isaac Asimov
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Jonathan Swift, Robert A. Greenberg
The Chronicles of Narnia CD Box Set, authors: C.S. Lewis, Kenneth Branagh
The Chronicles of Narnia (The Chronicles of Narnia  #1-7), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes
Mere Christianity, authors: C.S. Lewis, Kathleen Norris
Mere Christianity, authors: C.S. Lewis
The Screwtape Letters, authors: C.S. Lewis
The Screwtape Letters/Book & Study Guide, authors: C.S. Lewis
Four Mothers, authors: Shifra Horn, Dalya Bilu
Four Mothers at Chautuaqua, authors: Pansy, Isabella MacDonald Alden
The Trial of God: (as it was held on February 25  1649  in Shamgorod), authors: Elie Wiesel, Robert McAfee Brown, Matthew Fox
Summer for the Gods: The Scopes Trial and America's Continuing Debate Over Science and Religion, authors: Edward J. Larson, Brian Troxell
Dawn (The Night Trilogy  #2), authors: Elie Wiesel, Frances Frenaye
The Forgotten, authors: Elie Wiesel, Stephen Becker
Day (The Night Trilogy  #3), authors: Elie Wiesel, Anne Borchardt
All Rivers Run to the Sea, authors: Elie Wiesel
Father Hunger: Fathers  Daughters  and the Pursuit of Thinness, authors: Margo Maine, Craig  Johnson
Father Hunger: Fathers  Daughters & Food, authors: Margo Maine, Craig L. Johnson
Bold Land  Bold Love (Australian Trilogy  #1), authors: Connie Mason
Leading with a Limp: Turning Your Struggles Into Strengths, authors: Dan B. Allender
Something to Declare, authors: Julia Alvarez
How the García Girls Lost Their Accents, authors: Julia Alvarez
Kesey's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (Cliffs Notes), authors: Bruce Edward Walker, Ken Kesey, CliffsNotes
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, authors: Ken Kesey
One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest, authors: Ken Kesey
The Sea  The Sea, authors: Iris Murdoch, Mary Kinzie
Existentialists and Mystics: Writings on Philosophy and Literature, authors: Iris Murdoch, George Steiner, Peter J. Conradi
A Fairly Honourable Defeat, authors: Iris Murdoch, Peter Reed
The Unicorn, authors: Iris Murdoch
Bruno's Dream, authors: Iris Murdoch
Mystical Paths (Starbridge  #5), authors: Susan Howatch
Glittering Images (Starbridge  #1), authors: Susan Howatch
Scandalous Risks, authors: Susan Howatch
Glamorous Powers (Starbridge  #2), authors: Susan Howatch
A Severed Head, authors: Iris Murdoch
Absolute Truths (Starbridge  #6), authors: Susan Howatch
The Shrouded Walls, authors: Susan Howatch
Waiting Sands, authors: Susan Howatch
The Hollow Man, authors: Dan Simmons
Hardcase (Joe Kurtz  #1), authors: Dan Simmons
Summer of Night (Seasons of Horror  #1), authors: Dan Simmons
Vengeance (Joe Kurtz  #1), authors: Dan Simmons
Carrion Comfort, authors: Dan Simmons
The Rise of Endymion (Hyperion Cantos  #4), authors: Dan Simmons
Children of the Night, authors: Dan Simmons
The Group, authors: Mary McCarthy
Haruki Murakami and the Music of Words, authors: Jay Rubin
Norwegian Wood, authors: Haruki Murakami, Jay Rubin
A Wild Sheep Chase (The Rat  #3), authors: Haruki Murakami, Alfred Birnbaum
Horton Hatches the Egg, authors: Dr. Seuss
Seaward, authors: Susan Cooper
The Boggart, authors: Susan Cooper, Omar Rayyan
Silver on the Tree (The Dark is Rising  #5), authors: Susan Cooper
The Long Goodbye (Philip Marlowe  #6), authors: Raymond Chandler
Trouble Is My Business, authors: Raymond Chandler
The Captain's Verses, authors: Pablo Neruda, Donald Devenish Walsh
Herbert the Timid Dragon, authors: Mercer Mayer
Under the Net, authors: Iris Murdoch
Love, authors: Toni Morrison
Beloved, authors: Toni Morrison, A.S. Byatt
Song of Solomon, authors: Toni Morrison
The Bluest Eye, authors: Toni Morrison
100 Love Sonnets, authors: Pablo Neruda, Stephen Tapscott
Jazz, authors: Toni Morrison
Jazz, authors: Toni Morrison
Sula, authors: Toni Morrison
Sula, authors: Toni Morrison
Sula, authors: Toni Morrison
Sula, authors: Toni Morrison
Tar baby, authors: Toni Morrison
Tar Baby, authors: Toni Morrison
Pacific Northwest Hiking: The Complete Guide to More Than 1 000 of the Best Hikes in Washington and Oregon (Foghorn Outdoors), authors: Scott Leonard, Megan McMorris
The Guns of August, authors: Barbara W. Tuchman, Robert K. Massie
It Can't Happen Here, authors: Sinclair Lewis, Michael R.  Meyer
Babbitt, authors: Sinclair Lewis
Main Street, authors: Sinclair Lewis, Brooke Allen
Main Street, authors: Sinclair Lewis
Arrowsmith / Elmer Gantry / Dodsworth, authors: Sinclair Lewis, Richard R. Lingeman
Elmer Gantry, authors: Sinclair Lewis
Die Geisha, authors: Arthur Golden
Arthur Edward Waite's Quest of the Golden Stairs, authors: Arthur Edward Waite
Arrowsmith, authors: Sinclair Lewis, E.L. Doctorow
Something Wicked This Way Comes, authors: Ray Bradbury
Living on the Ragged Edge: Finding Joy in a World Gone Mad: Workbook, authors: Charles R. Swindoll
A Door of Hope, authors: Jan Frank
Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul, authors: John Eldredge, Stasi Eldredge
Family (Firstborn  #4), authors: Karen Kingsbury
Found (Firstborn  #3), authors: Karen Kingsbury
Forever (Firstborn  #5), authors: Karen Kingsbury
Ever After (Lost Love  #2), authors: Karen Kingsbury
Return (Redemption  #3), authors: Karen Kingsbury, Gary Smalley
The Red Gloves Collection (Red Gloves  #1-4), authors: Karen Kingsbury
Reunion (Redemption  #5), authors: Karen Kingsbury, Gary Smalley
Redemption (Redemption  #1), authors: Karen Kingsbury, Gary Smalley
Forgiven (Firstborn  #2), authors: Karen Kingsbury
Rejoice (Redemption  #4), authors: Karen Kingsbury, Gary Smalley
Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories, authors: Raymond Carver
All of Us: The Collected Poems, authors: Raymond Carver
Short Cuts: Selected Stories, authors: Raymond Carver, Robert Altman
Cathedral, authors: Raymond Carver
In Pharaoh's Army: Memories of the Lost War, authors: Tobias Wolff, Luann Walther
Old School, authors: Tobias Wolff
This Boy's Life, authors: Tobias Wolff
The Vintage Book of Contemporary American Short Stories, authors: Tobias Wolff
We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families, authors: Philip Gourevitch
The Paris Review Interviews  I: 16 Celebrated Interviews, authors: The Paris Review, Philip Gourevitch, Rebecca West, Elizabeth Bishop, Robert  Stone, Robert Gottlieb, Richard Price, Billy Wilder, Jack Gilbert, Joan Didion, Dorothy Parker, Truman Capote, Ernest Hemingway, T.S. Eliot, Saul Bellow, Jorge Luis Borges, Kurt Vonnegut Jr., James M. Cain
The Living and the Dead: Robert McNamara and Five Lives of a Lost War, authors: Paul Hendrickson
Sons of Mississippi: A Story of Race and Its Legacy, authors: Paul Hendrickson
Looking for the Light: The Hidden Life and Art of Marion Post Wolcott, authors: Paul Hendrickson, Marion Post Wolcott
The Color Purple, authors: Alice Walker
Bright Purple: Color Me Confused (TrueColors  #10), authors: Melody Carlson
Humboldt's Gift, authors: Saul Bellow
The Promise, authors: Chaim Potok
The Gift of Asher Lev, authors: Chaim Potok
In the Beginning, authors: Chaim Potok
My Name Is Asher Lev, authors: Chaim Potok
L'Échiquier du mal, authors: Dan Simmons
L'Éveil d'Endymion II, authors: Dan Simmons
Les Larmes d'Icare, authors: Dan Simmons, Jean-Daniel Brèque
L'Épée de Darwin, authors: Dan Simmons, Guy Abadia
Les Fils des ténèbres, authors: Dan Simmons
Endymion: Pforten der Zeit, authors: Dan Simmons
1 000 Places to See Before You Die, authors: Patricia Schultz
The Crook Factory, authors: Dan Simmons
Swan Song, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Mine, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Gone South, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Usher's Passing, authors: Robert R. McCammon
The Wolf's Hour, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Mystery Walk, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Boy's Life, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Stinger, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Swan Song, authors: Robert R. McCammon
Danse Macabre, authors: Stephen King
The Secretary of Dreams  Volume One, authors: Stephen King, Glenn Chadbourne
The Green Mile, authors: Stephen King
Dreamcatcher, authors: Stephen King, William Olivier Desmond, Maria Teresa Marenco
Storm of the Century: An Original Screenplay, authors: Stephen King
The Body, authors: Stephen King, Robin Waterfield
Creepshow, authors: Stephen King, Bernie Wrightson, Michele Wrightson
On Writing: A Memoir, authors: Stephen King
The Shining, authors: Stephen King
La Torre Oscura VII - Tomo 2 of 2 (La Torre Oscura  #7), authors: Stephen King, Verónica Canales
The Dark Half, authors: Stephen King
The Science of Stephen King: From 'Carrie' to 'Cell ' The Terrifying Truth Behind the Horror Master's Fiction, authors: Lois H. Gresh, Robert E. Weinberg
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon, authors: Stephen King
Riding the Bullet, authors: Stephen King, Josh Hamilton
The Bachman Books: Four Early Novels by Stephen King, authors: Stephen King, Richard Bachman
El umbral de la noche, authors: Stephen King, Gregorio Vlastelica, Eduardo Goligorsky
Stand by Me, authors: Raynold Gideon
La danza de la muerte, authors: Stephen King, Eduardo Goligorsky
The Gardens of Emily Dickinson, authors: Judith Farr, Louise Carter
The Life of Emily Dickinson, authors: Richard B. Sewall
The Poems of Emily Dickinson, authors: Emily Dickinson, R.W. Franklin
Selected Poetry of Emily Dickinson, authors: Emily Dickinson
The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath, authors: Sylvia Plath, Karen V. Kukil
Ariel: The Restored Edition, authors: Sylvia Plath, Frieda Hughes
The Colossus and Other Poems, authors: Sylvia Plath
Rough Magic: A Biography of Sylvia Plath, authors: Paul Alexander
The Journals of Sylvia Plath, authors: Sylvia Plath, Ted Hughes, Frances McCullough
The Death and Life of Sylvia Plath, authors: Ronald Hayman
Te Kaihau: The Windeater, authors: Keri Hulme
Everyman, authors: Philip Roth
American Pastoral (The American Trilogy  #1), authors: Philip Roth
I Married a Communist (The American Trilogy  #2), authors: Philip Roth
Sabbath's Theater, authors: Philip Roth
The Counterlife, authors: Philip Roth
Rabbit Angstrom: The Four Novels, authors: John Updike
Terrorist, authors: John Updike
Rabbit Novels: Rabbit  Run and Rabbit Redux, authors: John Updike
Brazil, authors: John Updike
Conversations with John Updike, authors: James Plath
Rabbit at Rest (Rabbit Angstrom #4), authors: John Updike
Rest Rabbit Rest (Sweet Pickles  #18), authors: Jacquelyn Reinach, Richard Hefter
The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love, authors: Oscar Hijuelos
Mr. Ives' Christmas, authors: Oscar Hijuelos
A Simple Habana Melody, authors: Oscar Hijuelos
The Fourteen Sisters of Emilio Montez O'Brien, authors: Oscar Hijuelos
The Known World, authors: Edward P. Jones
The Stories of John Cheever, authors: John Cheever, Pelle Fritz-Crone
Istanbul: Memories and the City, authors: Orhan Pamuk
The Black Book, authors: Orhan Pamuk, Maureen Freely, عین له غریب
The White Castle, authors: Orhan Pamuk, Victoria Rowe Holbrook
La Vida Nueva, authors: Orhan Pamuk, Rafael Carpintero
Granta 85: Hidden Histories, authors: Ian Jack
Me llamo rojo, authors: Orhan Pamuk, Rafael Carpintero
The Collected Poems  1957-1987, authors: Octavio Paz, Eliot Weinberger, Elizabeth Bishop
The Labyrinth of Solitude and Other Writings, authors: Octavio Paz, Lysander Kemp, Yara Milos
Sor Juana: Or  the Traps of Faith, authors: Octavio Paz, Margaret Sayers Peden
Selected Poems, authors: Octavio Paz, Eliot Weinberger, Charles Tomlinson, William Carlos Williams, Monique Fong Wust, G. Aroul, Elizabeth Bishop, Paul Blackburn, Lysander Kemp, Denise Levertov, Muriel Rukeyser, Mark Strand
The Double Flame: Love and Eroticism, authors: Octavio Paz, Helen Lane
The English Patient: A Screenplay (Screen and Cinema), authors: Anthony Minghella, Michael Ondaatje
Angels & Insects, authors: A.S. Byatt
The Blue Flower, authors: Penelope Fitzgerald
The Bookshop  The Gate of Angels  The Blue Flower, authors: Penelope Fitzgerald, Frank Kermode
The Human Stain (The American Trilogy  #3), authors: Philip Roth
Housekeeping, authors: Marilynne Robinson
All Aunt Hagar's Children: Stories, authors: Edward P. Jones
Lost in the City, authors: Edward P. Jones
White Noise, authors: Don DeLillo
Americana, authors: Don DeLillo
Love-Lies-Bleeding, authors: Don DeLillo
The Body Artist, authors: Don DeLillo
The Hotel New Hampshire, authors: John Irving
The Hotel New Hampshire, authors: John Irving
Das Hotel New Hampshire, authors: John Irving, Hans Hermann
El Hotel New Hampshire, authors: John Irving, Iris Menéndez
Black Girl/White Girl, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Them (Wonderland Quartet  #3), authors: Joyce Carol Oates, Elaine Showalter
You Must Remember This, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Wonderland (Wonderland Quartet  #4), authors: Joyce Carol Oates, Elaine Showalter
Missing Mom, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
After the Wreck  I Picked Myself Up  Spread My Wings  and Flew Away, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Zombie, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Sabbath's Theater, authors: Philip Roth
The Stone Diaries, authors: Carol Shields
Insurgent Collective Action and Civil War in El Salvador, authors: Elisabeth Jean Wood
The Whipping Boy, authors: Sid Fleischman, Peter Sís
Dicey's Song (Tillerman Cycle  #2), authors: Cynthia Voigt
Puzzle Pack: The Witch of Blackbird Pond, authors: Mary B. Collins
City on the Seine: Paris in the Time of Richelieu and Louis XIV  1614-1715, authors: Andrew P. Trout
Teach Them Diligently: How to Use the Scriptures in Child Training, authors: Lou Priolo
The Confessions of Nat Turner, authors: William Styron
Set This House On Fire, authors: William Styron
Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness, authors: William Styron
A Book of Blue Flowers, authors: Robert L. Geneve
Falconer, authors: John Cheever
The Wapshot Chronicle, authors: John Cheever, Rick Moody
72 Hour Hold, authors: Bebe Moore Campbell
The Witching Hour (Lives of the Mayfair Witches  #1), authors: Anne Rice
The Victim, authors: Saul Bellow
The Adventures of Augie March, authors: Saul Bellow, Christopher Hitchens
Mr. Sammler's Planet, authors: Saul Bellow, Stanley Crouch
Novels 1956–1964: Seize the Day / Henderson the Rain King / Herzog, authors: Saul Bellow, James  Wood
Broken (Women of the Otherworld  #6), authors: Kelley Armstrong
Exit Strategy (Nadia Stafford #1), authors: Kelley Armstrong
Bitten (Otherworld  #1), authors: Kelley Armstrong
Haunted (Women of the Otherworld  #5), authors: Kelley Armstrong
Dime Store Magic (Women of the Otherworld  #3), authors: Kelley Armstrong
Industrial Magic (Women of the Otherworld #4), authors: Kelley Armstrong
Stolen (Women of the Otherworld  #2), authors: Kelley Armstrong
Moderato cantabile, authors: Marguerite Duras
The Line Between, authors: Peter S. Beagle
Tamsin, authors: Peter S. Beagle
The Fantasy Worlds of Peter Beagle, authors: Peter S. Beagle
The Innkeeper's Song, authors: Peter S. Beagle
Uncle Setnakt's Essential Guide to the Left Hand Path, authors: Don Webb
Les petits chevaux de Tarquinia, authors: Marguerite Duras
The Humanoids (Humanoids #1), authors: Jack Williamson
Terraforming Earth, authors: Jack Williamson
Les jeux sont faits, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre
The Plague  The Fall  Exile and the Kingdom  and Selected Essays, authors: Albert Camus, Stuart Gilbert, Justin O'Brien, David Bellos
The Rebel, authors: Albert Camus, Anthony Bower, Herbert Read
The Fall, authors: Albert Camus, Justin O'Brien
Camus at Combat: Writing 1944-1947, authors: Albert Camus, Jacqueline Levi-Valensi, Arthur Goldhammer, David Carroll
Resistance  Rebellion and Death: Essays, authors: Albert Camus, Justin O'Brien
I Who Have Never Known Men, authors: Jacqueline Harpman, Ros Schwartz
Crime Novels: American Noir of the 1950s, authors: Robert Polito, Jim Thompson, Patricia Highsmith, Charles Willeford, David Goodis, Chester Himes
Raise High the Roof Beam  Carpenters and Seymour: an Introduction, authors: J.D. Salinger
The Algebraist, authors: Iain M. Banks
Excession (Culture  #5), authors: Iain M. Banks
Look to Windward (Culture  #7), authors: Iain M. Banks
Inversions (Culture  #6), authors: Iain M. Banks
Exzession (Culture  #5), authors: Iain M. Banks, Irene Bonhorst
Iain Banks' 'The Wasp Factory'  'The Crow Road' and 'Whit', authors: Alan MacGillivray
A Song Of Stone, authors: Iain Banks
Selected Poems, authors: Herman Melville, Robert Faggen
Herman Melville: A Biography, authors: Hershel Parker
The Confidence-Man, authors: Herman Melville, Tony Tanner, John Dugdale
The Italian Girl (Ackroyd and Thackeray #5), authors: Patricia Hall
An Unofficial Rose, authors: Iris Murdoch
Days: A Tangier Diary, authors: Paul Bowles
The Sheltering Sky / Let It Come Down / The Spider's House, authors: Paul Bowles, Daniel Halpern
The Spider's House, authors: Paul Bowles, Francine Prose
A Hundred Camels in the Courtyard, authors: Paul Bowles
Collected Stories and Later Writings, authors: Paul Bowles, Daniel Halpern
The Sheltering Sky, authors: Paul Bowles
Points in Time, authors: Paul Bowles
The Accidental Bodyguard (Accidental  #2), authors: Ann Major
The Nice and the Good, authors: Iris Murdoch
No More Christian Nice Guy: When Being Nice--Instead of Good--Hurts Men  Women and Children, authors: Paul Coughlin, Laura Schlessinger
Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter  Witch, authors: Terry Pratchett, Neil Gaiman
Buenos Presagios: las buenas y ajustadas profecías de Agnes La Chalada, authors: Terry Pratchett, Neil Gaiman
Philosophical Investigations, authors: Ludwig Wittgenstein, G.E.M. Anscombe
Wittgenstein's Poker: The Story of a Ten-Minute Argument Between Two Great Philosophers, authors: David Edmonds, John Eidinow
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, authors: Ludwig Wittgenstein, David Pears, Brian McGuinness, Bertrand Russell
Philosophical Investigations, authors: Ludwig Wittgenstein, G.E.M. Anscombe
On Certainty, authors: Ludwig Wittgenstein, G.E.M. Anscombe, George Henrik von Wright
Wittgenstein on Rules and Private Language: An Elementary Exposition, authors: Saul A. Kripke
Ludwig Wittgenstein: The Duty of Genius, authors: Ray Monk
Wittgenstein's Vienna, authors: Allan Janik, Stephen Toulmin
The Blue and Brown Books, authors: Ludwig Wittgenstein, Rush Rhees
Long Day's Journey into Night, authors: Eugene O'Neill, Harold Bloom
Long Day's Journey: The Steamboat & Stagecoach Era in the Northern West, authors: Carlos A. Schwantes
En attendant Godot, authors: Samuel Beckett
The Coming of Godot: A Short History of a Masterpiece, authors: Jonathan Croall, Peter Hall
The Bald Soprano and Other Plays, authors: Eugène Ionesco, Donald M. Allen
Three Plays: Exit the King / The Killer / Macbett, authors: Eugène Ionesco, Charles Marowitz, Donald   Watson
The Discovery of New Worlds (Story of the World  #2), authors: Margaret Bertha Synge
Six Characters in Search of an Author and Other Plays, authors: Luigi Pirandello, Mark Musa
The Oil Jar and Other Stories, authors: Luigi Pirandello, Stanley Appelbaum
The Late Mattia Pascal, authors: Luigi Pirandello, William Weaver, Charles Simic
One  No One and One Hundred Thousand, authors: Luigi Pirandello, William Weaver, Samuel Putnam
Henry IV, authors: Luigi Pirandello, Tom Stoppard
Three Plays, authors: Luigi Pirandello, Robert Rietty, Julian Mitchell, John Linstrum
Sierra's Homecoming (McKettricks  #5), authors: Linda Lael Miller
Homecoming (Tillerman Cycle  #1), authors: Cynthia Voigt
Buried Child, authors: Sam Shepard
Seven Plays, authors: Sam Shepard, Richard Gilman
You Come Too: Favorite Poems for Readers of All Ages, authors: Robert Frost, Noel Perrin
Watership Down, authors: Richard  Adams
Watership Down, authors: Richard  Adams
Tales from Watership Down, authors: Richard  Adams
The Bake Shop Ghost, authors: Jacqueline K. Ogburn, Marjorie A. Priceman
The Journey That Saved Curious George: The True Wartime Escape of Margret and H.A. Rey, authors: Louise Borden, Allan Drummond
All the Sad Young Men (Works of F. Scott Fitzgerald), authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, James L.W. West III
Memoirs of Hadrian, authors: Marguerite Yourcenar, Grace Frick
Every Book Its Reader: The Power of the Printed Word to Stir the World, authors: Nicholas A. Basbanes
Invitation to a Beheading, authors: Vladimir Nabokov
Ada  or Ardor: A Family Chronicle, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Fatih Özgüven
Strong Opinions, authors: Vladimir Nabokov
The Portable Conrad, authors: Joseph Conrad, Morton Dauwen Zabel, Frederick R. Karl
Lord Jim, authors: Joseph Conrad
Typhoon and Other Tales, authors: Joseph Conrad, Cedric Watts
Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening, authors: Robert Frost, Susan Jeffers
The Poetry of Robert Frost: The Collected Poems  Complete and Unabridged, authors: Robert Frost, Edward Connery Lathem
Frost, authors: Thomas Bernhard, Michael Hofmann
The Road Not Taken and Other Poems, authors: Robert Frost
Collected Poems  Prose  and Plays, authors: Robert Frost, Richard Poirier, Mark   Richardson
Robert Frost: A Life, authors: Jay Parini
Three Plays: Desire Under the Elms / Strange Interlude / Mourning Becomes Electra, authors: Eugene O'Neill, Luann Walther
A Streetcar Named Desire, authors: Tennessee Williams
A Streetcar Named Desire, authors: Tennessee Williams, Arthur  Miller
Streetcar Suburbs: The Process of Growth in Boston  1870-1900, authors: Sam Bass Warner Jr., Sam B. Warner
A Streetcar Named Desire (SparkNotes Literature Guide), authors: SparkNotes
CliffNotes on Williams' Glass Menagerie & Streetcar Named Desire (Cliffs Notes), authors: James Lamar Roberts, Tennessee Williams, CliffsNotes
Pygmalion, authors: George Bernard Shaw, Dan H. Laurence, Nicholas Grene
The Play Soldier, authors: Chet Green
Return to Ithaca (Tales from the Odyssey  #5), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Troy Howell
The New Testament, authors: Richmond Lattimore
Greek Lyrics, authors: Richmond Lattimore
The Iliad, authors: Homer, Robert Fagles, Derek Jacobi
The Iliad  Books 8-9 (Classical Texts Series), authors: Homer, Charles H. Wilson
The Gray-Eyed Goddess (Tales from the Odyssey  #4), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Troy Howell, Homer
Collected Stories, authors: Tennessee Williams, Gore Vidal
Saint Joan, authors: George Bernard Shaw, Dan H. Laurence, Imogen Stubbs
The Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism  Capitalism  Sovietism and Fascism, authors: George Bernard Shaw, Susan Moller Okin
Molloy  Malone Dies  The Unnamable (The Trilogy  #1-3), authors: Samuel Beckett
The Adventures of Race Williams, authors: Carroll John Daly
The Hidden Hand, authors: Carroll John Daly, Drew Bishop
Murder from the East, authors: Carroll John Daly
Education as My Agenda: Gertrude Williams  Race & the Baltimore Public Schools, authors: Jo Ann Ooiman Robinson
The Scarlet Letter, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne, Thomas E. Connolly, Nina Baym
The Scarlet Letter, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne, Kathryn Harrison
The Scarlet Letter, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Scarlet Letter, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Scarlet Letter, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne
Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne, Karin Jacobson
The Birth of Tragedy, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Clifton Fadiman
Human  All Too Human (Complete Works 3), authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Gary Handwerk
Basic Writings of Nietzsche, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Walter Kaufmann, Peter Gay
Beyond Good and Evil, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, R.J. Hollingdale, Michael Tanner
Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, R.J. Hollingdale
How To Draw The Legend Of Zelda    (troll), authors: Michael Teitelbaum, Ron Zalme
Savage Beauty: The Life of Edna St. Vincent Millay, authors: Nancy Milford
Premières Histoires, authors: João Guimarães Rosa
My Year of Meats, authors: Ruth Ozeki
Beef, authors: Ruth Ozeki
Mon épouse américaine, authors: Ruth Ozeki, Florence Mortimer
The Partly Cloudy Patriot, authors: Sarah Vowell, Katherine Streeter
The Risk Pool, authors: Richard Russo
The Whore's Child and Other Stories, authors: Richard Russo
Supermob: How Sidney Korshak and His Criminal Associates Became America's Hidden Power Brokers, authors: Gus Russo
The Lay of the Land, authors: Richard Ford
Tom Ford, authors: Graydon Carter, Tom Ford, Anna Wintour, Bridget Foley
The People's Tycoon: Henry Ford and the American Century, authors: Steven Watts
Wilderness: The Lost Writings  Vol. 1, authors: Jim Morrison
When Somebody Loves You Back (Soulmates Dissipate  #6), authors: Mary B. Morrison
Journey to the End of the Night, authors: Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Ralph Manheim, William T. Vollmann
Europe Central, authors: William T. Vollmann
Historical Atlas of Central Europe (History of East Central Europe  Vol. 1), authors: Paul Robert Magocsi
Passing, authors: Nella Larsen, Carla Kaplan
The Complete Fiction of Nella Larsen: Passing  Quicksand  and the Stories, authors: Nella Larsen, Charles Larson, Marita Golden
The Poet of Tolstoy Park, authors: Sonny Brewer
A Calendar of Wisdom: Daily Thoughts to Nourish the Soul, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Peter Sekirin
Safe Conduct: An Autobiography and Other Writings, authors: Boris Pasternak, B. Deutsch
Letters: Summer 1926, authors: Boris Pasternak, Marina Tsvetaeva, Rainer Maria Rilke
Traveller, authors: Richard  Adams
The Plague Dogs, authors: Richard  Adams
Maia (Beklan Empire #2), authors: Richard  Adams
The Girl in a Swing, authors: Richard  Adams
You Can't Go Home Again, authors: Thomas Wolfe
Look Homeward  Angel, authors: Thomas Wolfe
Of Time and the River: A Legend of Man's Hunger in His Youth, authors: Thomas Wolfe, Pat Conroy
Boys' Life & Search and Destroy, authors: Howard Korder
Complete Plays 1920–1931, authors: Eugene O'Neill, Travis Bogard
Complete Plays 1913–1920, authors: Eugene O'Neill, Travis Bogard
The Castle in the Forest, authors: Norman Mailer
The Naked and the Dead, authors: Norman Mailer
The Executioner's Song, authors: Norman Mailer
The Big Empty: Dialogues on Politics  Sex  God  Boxing  Morality  Myth  Poker & Bad Conscience in America, authors: Norman Mailer, John Buffalo Mailer
The Armies of the Night: History as a Novel  the Novel as History, authors: Norman Mailer
In Cold Blood, authors: Truman Capote
Cold Blood (Lorraine Page  #2), authors: Lynda La Plante
Amazing Disgrace (Gerald Samper #2), authors: James Hamilton-Paterson
Cry  the Beloved Country, authors: Alan Paton
You Don't Know Jack (NY Girlfriends  #2), authors: Erin McCarthy
The Sunset Limited, authors: Cormac McCarthy
No Country for Old Men, authors: Cormac McCarthy
McCarthy's Bar: A Journey of Discovery in Ireland, authors: Pete McCarthy
The Idiot, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Anna Brailovsky, Joseph Frank, Constance Garnett, Alan Myers
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Calculus, authors: W. Michael Kelley
True and False: Heresy and Common Sense for the Actor, authors: David Mamet
On Directing Film, authors: David Mamet
Book of Dreams, authors: Jack Kerouac, Robert Creeley
Three by Annie Dillard: Pilgrim at Tinker Creek  An American Childhood  The Writing Life, authors: Annie Dillard
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek, authors: Annie Dillard
An American Childhood, authors: Annie Dillard
For the Time Being, authors: Annie Dillard
The Maytrees, authors: Annie Dillard
Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith, authors: Anne Lamott
All New People, authors: Anne Lamott
Operating Instructions: A Journal of My Son's First Year, authors: Anne Lamott
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers, authors: Mary Roach
A Working Stiff's Manifesto: A Memoir of Thirty Jobs I Quit  Nine That Fired Me  and Three I Can't Remember, authors: Iain Levison
Stiff Upper Lip  Jeeves (Jeeves  #13), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Bonesetter's Daughter, authors: Amy Tan
The Kitchen God's Wife, authors: Amy Tan
The Moon Lady, authors: Amy Tan, Gretchen Schields
The Short History of a Prince, authors: Jane Hamilton
The Guardian, authors: Jane Hamilton
Sometimes a Great Notion, authors: Ken Kesey, Charles Bowden
Trout Fishing in America / The Pill vs. the Springhill Mine Disaster / In Watermelon Sugar, authors: Richard Brautigan
Revenge of the Lawn / The Abortion / So the Wind Won't Blow it All Away, authors: Richard Brautigan
A Confederate General from Big Sur / Dreaming of Babylon / The Hawkline Monster, authors: Richard Brautigan
An Unfortunate Woman, authors: Richard Brautigan, Taylan Taftaf
The Collected Stories, authors: Eudora Welty
Complete Novels: The Robber Bridegroom  Delta Wedding  The Ponder Heart  Losing Battles  The Optimist's Daughter, authors: Eudora Welty, Richard Ford, Michael Kreyling
Eudora Welty: Photographs, authors: Eudora Welty, Reynolds Price
On Writing, authors: Eudora Welty, Richard Bausch
Essential Welty: Why I Live at the P.O.  A Memory  Powerhouse and Petrified Man, authors: Eudora Welty
Losing Battles, authors: Eudora Welty
The Eye of the Story: Selected Essays and Reviews, authors: Eudora Welty
The Golden Apples, authors: Eudora Welty
One Writer's Beginnings, authors: Eudora Welty
The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down: A Hmong Child  Her American Doctors  and the Collision of Two Cultures, authors: Anne Fadiman
Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance, authors: Noam Chomsky
The Chomsky-Foucault Debate: On Human Nature, authors: Noam Chomsky, Michel Foucault, John Rajchman
Media Control: The Spectacular Achievements of Propaganda, authors: Noam Chomsky
11 de Septiembre, authors: Noam Chomsky
On Anarchism, authors: Noam Chomsky, Barry Pateman
The Chomsky Reader, authors: Noam Chomsky
Language and Mind, authors: Noam Chomsky
Perilous Power: The Middle East & US Foreign Policy, authors: Noam Chomsky, Gilbert Achcar, Stephan R. Shalom
What Uncle Sam Really Wants, authors: Noam Chomsky, Arthur Naiman, David Barsamian, Sandy Niemann
Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World, authors: Noam Chomsky, David Barsamian
On MisEducation (Critical Perspectives), authors: Noam Chomsky, Donaldo Macedo
Aspects of the Theory of Syntax, authors: Noam Chomsky
On Democracy & Education (Social Theory  Education & Cultural Change), authors: Noam Chomsky, C.P. Otero
Cat Breaking Free (Joe Grey  #11), authors: Shirley Rousseau Murphy
Confessions, authors: Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Patrick Coleman, Angela Scholar
Cat Cross Their Graves (Joe Grey  #10), authors: Shirley Rousseau Murphy
The Social Contract, authors: Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Maurice Cranston
Cat in the Dark (Joe Grey  #4), authors: Shirley Rousseau Murphy
The Source, authors: James A. Michener
Hawaii, authors: James A. Michener
Chesapeake, authors: James A. Michener
Caravans, authors: James A. Michener
Iberia, authors: James A. Michener, Robert Vavra
Centennial, authors: James A. Michener
Carrie (Biblioteca de Stephen King. 102  8), authors: Stephen King, Gregorio Vlastelica
Carrie, authors: Stephen King
The Shining, authors: Stephen King
The Shining, authors: Stephen King, Campbell Scott
The Shining, authors: Stephen King
Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog, authors: John Grogan
Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog, authors: John Grogan
Wuthering Heights, authors: Emily Brontë, Alice Hoffman
Brodie's notes on Aldous Huxley's brave new world, authors: Graham Handley
The Moon Is Down, authors: John Steinbeck
Ride the Moon Down, authors: Terry C. Johnston
Drawing Down the Moon: Witches  Druids  Goddess-Worshippers  and Other Pagans in America, authors: Margot Adler
Sing Down the Moon, authors: Scott O'Dell
Light in August, authors: William Faulkner
The Transit of Venus, authors: Shirley Hazzard
Kingsblood Royal, authors: Sinclair Lewis, Charles R. Johnson
Swann's Way (In Search of Lost Time  #1), authors: Marcel Proust, Lydia Davis
Swann's Way (Remembrance of Things Past  #1), authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Elizabeth Dalton
Swann's Way (Remembrance of Things Past  #1), authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff
Lady of the Lake, authors: Elizabeth Mayne
A Kiss Before Dying, authors: Ira Levin, Otto Penzler
A Kiss Before Dying (Sweet Valley High  #122), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
The Satanic Verses, authors: Salman Rushdie
The City of Falling Angels, authors: John Berendt
Falling Angel, authors: William Hjortsberg, Ridley Scott, James Crumley
Falling Angels (Luc Actar #1), authors: Melissa M. Garcia
The Collaborator: The Trial and Execution of Robert Brasillach, authors: Alice Kaplan
Ulysses, authors: James Joyce, Craig Raine
The Crazed, authors: Ha Jin
Chickenhawk: Back in the World Again: Life After Vietnam, authors: Robert Mason
Nuns and Soldiers, authors: Iris Murdoch, Karen Armstrong
Sir Gawain And The Green Knight, authors: Michael Morpurgo, Michael Foreman
Cliffs Notes on Wiesel's Night, authors: Maryam Riess
The Night Trilogy: Night  Dawn  the Accident, authors: Elie Wiesel, Marion Wiesel
Strong Motion, authors: Jonathan Franzen
How to Be Alone, authors: Jonathan Franzen
The Twenty-Seventh City, authors: Jonathan Franzen
Second Ring of Power, authors: Carlos Castañeda
The Active Side of Infinity, authors: Carlos Castañeda
Journey to Ixtlan, authors: Carlos Castañeda
The Wheel of Time: The Shamans of Mexico Their Thoughts About Life Death & the Universe, authors: Carlos Castañeda
Power of Silence, authors: Carlos Castañeda
Tales of Power, authors: Carlos Castañeda
Fire from Within, authors: Carlos Castañeda
The Art of Dreaming, authors: Carlos Castañeda
The Best Stories of Fyodor Dostoevsky, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, David Magarshack
The Best Short Stories, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, David Magarshack
Demons, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
The Idiot, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
Great Short Works of Fyodor Dostoevsky, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Ronald Hingley
The Idiot, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Constance Garnett, Joseph Frank
Celtic Tree Mysteries: Practical Druid Magic & Divination, authors: Steve Blamires, Sandy Leuthner
Rebecca, authors: Daphne du Maurier, Sally Beauman
Betraying Spinoza: The Renegade Jew Who Gave Us Modernity, authors: Rebecca Goldstein
Shadow of the Moon (Moon #5), authors: Rebecca York
Black Lamb and Grey Falcon, authors: Rebecca West, Christopher Hitchens
Operation Shylock: A Confession, authors: Philip Roth
Operation Shylock. Ein Bekenntnis, authors: Philip Roth
Lost in the Funhouse, authors: John Barth
CliffsNotes on Faulkner's As I Lay Dying (Cliffs Notes), authors: James Lamar Roberts, William Faulkner, CliffsNotes
The Sound and the Fury  As I Lay Dying  Sanctuary  Intruder in the Dust, authors: William Faulkner
CliffsNotes on Faulkner's Absalom  Absalom!, authors: James Lamar Roberts, CliffsNotes
The Aeneid, authors: Virgil, Robert Fagles, Bernard Knox
The Aeneid, authors: Virgil, Robert Fitzgerald
The Aeneid, authors: Virgil, David   West
Aeneid, authors: Virgil, Stanley Lombardo, W. R. Johnson
Virgil  Vol 2: Aeneid Books 7-12  Appendix Vergiliana, authors: Virgil, G.P. Goold
The Castle of Otranto, authors: Horace Walpole, E.F. Bleiler, Walter Scott
The Castle of Otranto, authors: Horace Walpole
Messenger (The Giver  #3), authors: Lois Lowry
Gossamer, authors: Lois Lowry
Anastasia on Her Own (Anastasia Krupnik  #5), authors: Lois Lowry
Stay!: Keeper's Story, authors: Lois Lowry, True Kelley
Gathering Blue (The Giver  #2), authors: Lois Lowry
See You Around  Sam! (Sam Krupnik  #3), authors: Lois Lowry, Diane deGroat
King Lear, authors: William Shakespeare
King Lear, authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill
King Lear, authors: William Shakespeare, R.A. Foakes
King Lear, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine
The Turn of the Screw (Norton Critical Edition), authors: Henry James, Deborah Esch, Jonathan Warren
The Turn of the Screw and The Aspern Papers, authors: Henry James, Anthony Curtis
The Turn of the Screw and Other Short Fiction, authors: Henry James, R.W.B. Lewis
The Turn of the Screw, authors: Henry James, Peter G. Beidler
Much Ado about Nothing, authors: William Shakespeare, Mary Berry, Michael Clamp
Much Ado About Nothing, authors: William Shakespeare, David L. Stevenson
Much Ado about Nothing (Oxford School Shakespeare), authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill
Much Ado about Nothing, authors: William Shakespeare, Samuel West, Amanda Root, Arkangel Cast
Much Ado about Nothing, authors: William Shakespeare, F.H. Mares
Winter's Tale, authors: Mark Helprin
Winter's Tales, authors: Isak Dinesen, Karen Blixen
Twelfth Night, authors: William Shakespeare, Alan Durband
Twelfth Night, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine
Twelfth Night, authors: William Shakespeare
Tempest (Star Wars: Legacy of the Force  #3), authors: Troy Denning
Red: Passion and Patience in the Desert, authors: Terry Tempest Williams
Hamlet  The Texts of 1603 and 1623, authors: William Shakespeare, Neil Taylor
Hamlet's Dresser: A Memoir, authors: Bob      Smith
The Hamlet, authors: William Faulkner
Othello, authors: William Shakespeare
Othello, authors: William Shakespeare, David Threlfall, Don Warrington, Anne-Marie Duff, Arkangel Cast
Othello, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine
Julius Caesar, authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill
Julius Caesar, authors: William Shakespeare, John   Bowe, Michael Feast, Adrian Lester
Julius Caesar, authors: William Shakespeare, Marvin Spevack, Marga Munkelt
Julius Caesar, authors: William Shakespeare, SparkNotes
Cliffsnotes on Shakespeare's Henry IV  Part 1, authors: James K. Lowers, William Shakespeare, CliffsNotes
King Henry IV  Part 1, authors: William Shakespeare, David Scott Kastan
Alice in Wonderland, authors: Lewis Carroll, Jane Carruth, Rene Cloke
Alice In Wonderland, authors: Lewis Carroll, John Tenniel
The Alexandria Quartet  (The Alexandria Quartet #1-4), authors: Lawrence Durrell
Justine (The Alexandria Quartet #1), authors: Lawrence Durrell
Clea (The Alexandria Quartet #4), authors: Lawrence Durrell
Siddhartha, authors: Hermann Hesse
Kate Vaiden, authors: Reynolds Price
The Social Contract and The First and Second Discourses, authors: Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Susan Dunn, Gita May, Robert N. Bellah, David Bromwich, Conor           Cruise O'Brien
Nature Girl, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Stormy Weather, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Skin Tight (Mick Stranahan  #1), authors: Carl Hiaasen
Basket Case, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Tourist Season, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Sick Puppy, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Flush, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Double Whammy (Skink #1), authors: Carl Hiaasen
Naked Came the Manatee, authors: Carl Hiaasen, Elmore Leonard, Dave Barry, James W. Hall, Edna Buchanan, Les Standiford, Paul Levine, Brian Antoni, Tananarive Due, John Dufresne, Vicki Hendricks, Carolina Hospital, Evelyn Mayerson
Strip Tease, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Basket Case, authors: Carl Hiaasen
A Carl Hiaasen Collection: Stormy Weather  Tourist Season  and  Strip Tease, authors: Carl Hiaasen, Edward Asner
Skinny Dip (Mick Stranahan #2), authors: Carl Hiaasen
Hoot, authors: Carl Hiaasen
Suburban Nation: The Rise of Sprawl and the Decline of the American Dream, authors: Andrés Duany, Elizabeth Plater-Zyberk, Jeff Speck
The Bible Cure For Diabetes, authors: Don Colbert
The Celestine Prophecy: A Pocket Guide to the Nine Insights, authors: James Redfield
The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision (Celestine Prophecy  #2), authors: James Redfield
The Celestine Prophecy, authors: James Redfield, Lou Diamond Phillips
The Celestine Prophecy: An Experiential Guide, authors: James Redfield
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values, authors: Robert M. Pirsig
The Dark Side Of Genius: The Life Of Alfred Hitchcock, authors: Donald Spoto
Enchantment: The Life of Audrey Hepburn, authors: Donald Spoto
Marilyn Monroe: The Biography, authors: Donald Spoto
Cross (Alex Cross  #12), authors: James Patterson
Judge & Jury, authors: James Patterson, Andrew Gross
The 6th Target (Women's Murder Club  #6), authors: James Patterson, Maxine Paetro
The Quickie, authors: James Patterson, Michael Ledwidge
You've Been Warned, authors: James Patterson, Howard Roughan
2nd Chance (Women's Murder Club  #2), authors: James Patterson, Andrew Gross
1st to Die (Women's Murder Club  #1), authors: James Patterson
Season of the Machete, authors: James Patterson
School's Out—Forever (Maximum Ride  #2), authors: James Patterson
Jack & Jill (Alex Cross  #3), authors: James Patterson
The Midnight Club, authors: James Patterson
Cat & Mouse (Alex Cross #4), authors: James Patterson
Pop Goes the Weasel (Alex Cross  #5), authors: James Patterson
Roses Are Red (Alex Cross  #6), authors: James Patterson
Along Came a Spider (Alex Cross  #1), authors: James Patterson
Black Friday, authors: James Patterson
Honeymoon (Honeymoon  #1), authors: James Patterson, Howard Roughan
Kiss the Girls (Alex Cross  #2), authors: James Patterson
The Thomas Berryman Number, authors: James Patterson
London Bridges (Alex Cross  #10), authors: James Patterson
The Angel Experiment (Maximum Ride  #1), authors: James Patterson
3rd Degree (Women's Murder Club  #3), authors: James Patterson, Andrew Gross
The Jester, authors: James Patterson, Andrew Gross
See How They Run, authors: James Patterson
Miracle on the 17th Green (Travis McKinley  #1), authors: James Patterson, Peter de Jonge
When the Wind Blows (When the Wind Blows  #1), authors: James Patterson
SantaKid, authors: James Patterson, Michael Garland
A Little Prairie House, authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef
Private Parts, authors: Howard Stern
The Private Parts of Women, authors: Lesley Glaister
Green Arrow  Vol. 1: Quiver, authors: Kevin Smith, Phil Hester, Ande Parks
Quiver, authors: Stephanie Spinner
A Quiver Full of Arrows, authors: Jeffrey Archer
Celebrations: Rituals of Peace and Prayer, authors: Maya Angelou
The Collected Autobiographies of Maya Angelou, authors: Maya Angelou
Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now, authors: Maya Angelou
And Still I Rise, authors: Maya Angelou, Linda Sunshine, Diego Rivera
Life Doesn't Frighten Me, authors: Maya Angelou, Jean-Michel Basquiat, Sara Jane Boyers
Cumbres borrascosas, authors: Emily Brontë
Dreaming in Pictures: The Photography, authors: Lewis Carroll, Douglas R. Nickel
Lewis Carroll's Jabberwocky: A Book of Brillig Dioramas, authors: Lewis Carroll, Graeme Base
The Collected Short Stories of Maxim Gorky, authors: Maxim Gorky, Avrahm Yarmolinsky, Moura Budberg
Name Dropping, authors: Jane Heller
Many Luscious Lollipops: A Book About Adjectives, authors: Ruth Heller
What Was She Thinking? [Notes on a Scandal], authors: Zoë Heller
Night of Long Shadows (Eberron: Inquisitives  #2), authors: Paul Crilley
Poetics, authors: Aristotle, Malcolm Heath
Poetics of Music in the Form of Six Lessons, authors: Igor Stravinsky, George Seferis, Arthur Knodel, Ingolf Dahl
An Introduction to the Old Testament Poetic Books, authors: C. Hassell Bullock
Mondrian, authors: John Milner, Piet Mondrian
Writings on Art, authors: Mark Rothko, Miguel López-Remiro
The Legacy of Mark Rothko, authors: Lee Seldes
Mark Rothko, authors: Diane Waldman, Bernard Malamud
Mark Rothko  1903 1970, authors: Diane Waldman
A World of Art, authors: Henry M. Sayre
Olympian Odes. Pythian Odes, authors: Pindar, William H. Race
The Odes, authors: Pindar, Cecil Maurice Bowra, Daniel C. Snell, Dawson William Turner, Maehler, Abraham Moore
The Odes and Selected Fragments, authors: Pindar, G.S. Conway, Richard Stoneman
Nemean Odes. Isthmian Odes. Fragments, authors: Pindar, William H. Race
Sabriel (Abhorsen  #1), authors: Garth Nix
Euripides 3: Alcestis/Daughters of Troy/The Phoenician Women/Iphigenia at Aulis/Rhesus, authors: Euripides, David R. Slavitt, Smith Palmer Bovie, Fred Chappell, Mark Rudman, Elaine Terranova, Richard Elman, Katharine Washburn, George D. Economou
Eragon: Prima Official Game Guide, authors: Prima Publishing
Battlefield of the Mind: Winning the Battle in Your Mind, authors: Joyce Meyer
A Lady At Last (deWarenne Dynasty  #7), authors: Brenda Joyce
James Joyce's Ulysses, authors: Stuart Gilbert
A Complicated Kindness, authors: Miriam Toews
A Complicated Kindness (Bookclub-In-A-Box), authors: Marilyn Herbert, Miriam Toews
Race of Scorpions (The House of Niccolo  #3), authors: Dorothy Dunnett
Vinyl Cafe Odd Jobs, authors: Stuart McLean
Vinyl Cafe Coast to Coast Story Service, authors: Stuart McLean
Vinyl Cafe Diaries (Vinyl Cafe  #4), authors: Stuart McLean
Checkmate (Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell  #3), authors: David  Michaels, Tom Clancy
Operation Barracuda (Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell  #2), authors: David  Michaels, Raymond Benson, Tom Clancy
Splinter Cell (Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell  #1), authors: David  Michaels, Raymond Benson, Tom Clancy
Dark Visions, authors: Douglas E. Winter, Dan Simmons, Stephen King, George R.R. Martin
Ancilla to the Pre-Socratic Philosophers, authors: Kathleen Banks Freeman, Hermann Alexander Diels
The Presocratics, authors: Philip Ellis Wheelwright
The Presocratic Philosophers, authors: Geoffrey S. Kirk, John Earle Raven, Malcolm Schofield
Presocratic Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction, authors: Catherine Osborne
The Presocratic Philosophers, authors: Jonathan Barnes, Ted Honderich
The First Philosophers: The Presocratics and Sophists, authors: Robin Waterfield, Anaximander, Anaximenes, Empedocles, Gorgias of Leontini, Heraclitus, Parmenides, Protagoras, Pythagoras, Thales, Thrasymachus, Zeno of Elea
Skeleton Crew, authors: Stephen King
Night Shift, authors: Stephen King
The Talisman, authors: Stephen King, Peter Straub
El retrato de Rose Madder, authors: Stephen King, Bettina Blanch Tyroller
The Dark Half, authors: Stephen King
La Milla Verde, authors: Stephen King, María Eugenia Ciocchini Suárez
Storm of the Century, authors: Stephen King
Girls Think of Everything: Stories of Ingenious Inventions by Women, authors: Catherine Thimmesh, Melissa Sweet
How Dogs Think: What the World Looks Like to Them and Why They Act the Way They Do, authors: Stanley Coren
The How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci Workbook: Your Personal Companion to How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci, authors: Michael J. Gelb
Brit-Think  Ameri-Think: A Transatlantic Survival Guide, authors: Jane Walmsley
What You Think of Me Is None of My Business, authors: Terry Cole-Whittaker
Think on These Things, authors: Jiddu Krishnamurti, D. Rajagopal
Think Like a Cat: How to Raise a Well-Adjusted Cat—Not a Sour Puss, authors: Pam Johnson-Bennett
Think Like a Guy: How to Get a Guy by Thinking Like One, authors: Giuliana DePandi
How to Think Theologically, authors: Howard W. Stone, James O. Duke
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure  Vol. 6 (Stardust Crusaders  #6), authors: Hirohiko Araki
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure  Vol. 4 (Stardust Crusaders  #4), authors: Hirohiko Araki
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure  Vol. 5 (Stardust Crusaders  #5), authors: Hirohiko Araki
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure  Vol. 7 (Stardust Crusaders  #7), authors: Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 4: Dans la salle du dragon à deux têtes (Phantom Blood  #4), authors: Hirohiko Araki
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure  Vol. 8 (Stardust Crusaders  #8), authors: Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 17: L'Amoureux terrible (Stardust Crusaders  #5), authors: Hirohiko Araki, Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 6: Jojo contre la forme de vie ultime (Battle Tendency  #1), authors: Hirohiko Araki
Fevre Dream, authors: George R.R. Martin
The Hedge Knight (The Tales of Dunk and Egg  #1), authors: Ben Avery, Mike S. Miller, George R.R. Martin, Mike Crowell
A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire  #2), authors: George R.R. Martin, Roy Dotrice
Tuf Voyaging, authors: George R.R. Martin
Jack of Kinrowan: Jack the Giant-Killer / Drink Down the Moon, authors: Charles de Lint
Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your History Textbook Got Wrong, authors: James W. Loewen
Lies My Teacher Told Me about Christopher Columbus: What Your History Books Got Wrong, authors: James W. Loewen
C.G. Jung and Hermann Hesse: A Book of Two Friendships, authors: Miguel Serrano
The Journey to the East, authors: Hermann Hesse, Hilda Rosner
Son of a Witch (The Wicked Years  #2), authors: Gregory Maguire, Douglas Smith, Jelena Bojić
March, authors: Geraldine Brooks
Foreign Correspondence: A Pen Pal's Journey from Down Under to All Over, authors: Geraldine Brooks
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 1: Dio  L'envahisseur (Phantom Blood  #1), authors: Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 19: La Lampe Magique (Stardust Crusaders  #7), authors: Hirohiko Araki, Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 14: Le Navire désert et le Singe (Stardust Crusaders  #2), authors: Hirohiko Araki, Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 13: Le Maléfice de Dio (Stardust Crusaders  #1), authors: Hirohiko Araki, Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 5: La dernière onde (Phantom Blood  #5), authors: Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 9: Ruée vers la falaise de la mort! (Battle Tendency  #4), authors: Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 18: Death Thirteen (Stardust Crusaders  #6), authors: Hirohiko Araki, Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 11: Le guerrier qui retourne au vent (Battle Tendency  #6), authors: Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 16: L'Expérience du combat ! (Stardust Crusaders  #4), authors: Hirohiko Araki, Hirohiko Araki
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure  Tome 14: Le revolver est plus fort que l'épée (Stardust Crusaders  #3), authors: Hirohiko Araki, Hirohiko Araki
From Far Away  Vol. 12, authors: Kyoko Hikawa, Yuko Sawada, Freeman Wong
From Far Away  Vol. 13, authors: Kyoko Hikawa, Yuko Sawada, Freeman Wong
From Far Away  Vol. 14, authors: Kyoko Hikawa, Yuko Sawada, Freeman Wong
Very Far Away from Anywhere Else, authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
Vagabond  Volume 20, authors: Takehiko Inoue
彼方から 13, authors: Kyoko Hikawa
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 11, authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 3, authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 1, authors: CLAMP, Anthony Gerard
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 10, authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 8, authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 6, authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 04 (Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  #4), authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 09, authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE  Vol. 12, authors: CLAMP, William Flanagan
ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- 4, authors: CLAMP
ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- 6, authors: CLAMP
ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- 3, authors: CLAMP
ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- 7, authors: CLAMP
ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- 8, authors: CLAMP
Hikaru no Go  Vol. 7: The Young Lions Tournament (Hikaru no Go  #7), authors: Yumi Hotta, Takeshi Obata
Hikaru no Go  Vol. 8: The Pro Test Preliminaries: Day Four (Hikaru no Go  #8), authors: Yumi Hotta, Takeshi Obata
Hikaru no Go  Vol. 1: Descent of the Go Master (Hikaru no Go  #1), authors: Yumi Hotta, Takeshi Obata
Hikaru no Go  Vol. 9: The Pro Test Begins (Hikaru no Go  #9), authors: Yumi Hotta, Takeshi Obata, Yukari Umezawa
Hikaru no Go  Vol. 10: Lifeline (Hikaru no Go  #10), authors: Yumi Hotta, Takeshi Obata
ヒカルの碁 18、番外編, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 23、あなたに呼びかけている, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 7、若獅子戦, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 15、さよなら, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 13、プロ第一戦, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 14、sai vs toya koyo, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 16、中国棋院, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 6、院生試験, authors: Yumi Hotta, Takeshi Obata
ヒカルの碁 9、本戦開始, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 22、打倒高永夏, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
ヒカルの碁 12、新初段シリーズ, authors: Yumi Hotta, Yumi Hotta
Death Note  Vol. 8: Target (Death Note  #8), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Tetsuichiro Miyaki
Death Note  Vol. 1: Boredom (Death Note  #1), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Pookie Rolf
Death Note  Vol. 4: Love (Death Note  #4), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Alexis Kirsch
Death Note  Vol. 5: Whiteout (Death Note  #5), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Alexis Kirsch
Death Note  Vol. 3: Hard Run (Death Note  #3), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Pookie Rolf
Death Note  Vol. 2: Confluence (Death Note  #2), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Pookie Rolf
Death Note  Vol. 6: Give-and-Take (Death Note  #6), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Alexis Kirsch
Death Note  Vol. 7: Zero (Death Note  #7), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Alexis Kirsch
Death Note  Vol. 9: Contact (Death Note  #9), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Tetsuichiro Miyaki
Death Note  Vol. 10: Deletion (Death Note  #10), authors: Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Tetsuichiro Miyaki
The Worm Ouroboros, authors: E.R. Eddison, Keith   Henderson
Mistress of Mistresses: A Vision of Zimiamvia (The Zimiamvian Trilogy  #1), authors: E.R. Eddison, Gerald Ravenscourt Hayes, Keith   Henderson
The Mezentian Gate, authors: E.R. Eddison
The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering, authors: Frederick P. Brooks Jr.
Museum of Terror  Vol. 1: Tomie 1, authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二, Naomi Kokubo
Museum of Terror  Vol. 2: Tomie 2, authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二, Naomi Kokubo
Museum of Terror  Vol. 3: The Long Hair in the Attic, authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二
Tomie 1  富江, authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二
Tomie 2  富江 Part 2, authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二
Hana Yori Dango: Le jeu da la fin du monde 1 (Boys Over Flowers  #1), authors: Yōko Kamio, 神尾葉子
Hana Yori Dango 3 (Boys Over Flowers  #3), authors: Yōko Kamio, 神尾葉子
Hana Yori Dango 2 (Boys Over Flowers  #2), authors: Yōko Kamio, 神尾葉子
Voices (Annals of the Western Shore  #2), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
Gifts (Annals of the Western Shore  #1), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
Lao Tzu: Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way, authors: Lao Tzu, Ursula K. Le Guin, J.P. Seaton
The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer  the Reader and the Imagination, authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
The Dispossessed, authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
Five Complete Novels, authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
Tehanu (Earthsea Cycle  #4), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
Changing Planes, authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
The Other Wind (Earthsea Cycle  #6), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin, Samuel Roukin
Tales from Earthsea (Earthsea Cycle  #5), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
Jane on Her Own (Catwings  #4), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin, S.D. Schindler
Tehanu (Earthsea Cycle  #4), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
The Tombs of Atuan (Earthsea Cycle  #2), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin, Margot Paronis
Catwings (Catwings #1), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin, S.D. Schindler
Wonderful Alexander and the Catwings, authors: Ursula K. Le Guin, S.D. Schindler
The Farthest Shore (Earthsea Cycle  #3), authors: Ursula K. Le Guin
The Life and Games of Mikhail Tal, authors: Mikhail Tal, Iakov Damsky, Kenneth P. Neat
Tal-Botvinnik 1960, authors: Mikhail Tal, Hanon W. Russell
Don Quixote, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, John Rutherford
Cromartie High School  Vol. 06, authors: Eiji Nonaka, Brendan Frayne
Cromartie High School  Vol. 05, authors: Eiji Nonaka, Brendan Frayne
Cromartie High School  Vol. 01, authors: Eiji Nonaka, Brendan Frayne
Cromartie High School  Vol. 02, authors: Eiji Nonaka, Brendan Frayne
Bleach  Volume 16, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 13, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 10, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 18, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 17, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 19, authors: Tite Kubo
Bleach  Volume 20, authors: Tite Kubo
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Shadow (The Twelve Kingdoms  #1), authors: Fuyumi Ono, 小野 不由美, Akihiro Yamada, 山田 章博, Elye J. Alexander, Alexander O. Smith
Twelve Fair Kingdoms, authors: Suzette Haden Elgin
Crest of the Stars 2: A Modest War  (Seikai no Monshou  #2), authors: Hiroyuki Morioka
Crest of the Stars 3: Return to a Strange World  (Seikai no Monshou  #3), authors: Hiroyuki Morioka
Julie and Julia: My Year of Cooking Dangerously, authors: Julie Powell
Julie and Julia: 365 Days  524 Recipes  1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen, authors: Julie Powell
The Master of Go, authors: Yasunari Kawabata, Edward G. Seidensticker
Conrad's Fate (Chrestomanci  #5), authors: Diana Wynne Jones
Rocketman: Astronaut Pete Conrad's Incredible Ride to the Moon and Beyond, authors: Nancy Conrad, Howard A. Klausner, Buzz Aldrin
Red River  Vol. 14 (Red River  #14), authors: Chie Shinohara
Red River  Vol. 15 (Red River  #15), authors: Chie Shinohara
Red River  Vol. 16 (Red River  #16), authors: Chie Shinohara
Red River  Vol. 17 (Red River  #17), authors: Chie Shinohara
Tramps Like Us  Volume 8, authors: Yayoi Ogawa
Tramps Like Us  Volume 9, authors: Yayoi Ogawa
Tramps Like Us  Volume 11, authors: Yayoi Ogawa
Tramps Like Us  Volume 12, authors: Yayoi Ogawa
きみはペット 11 [Kimi wa Petto 11], authors: Yayoi Ogawa, 小川 彌生
Suki's Kimono, authors: Chieri Uegaki, Stéphane Jorisch
The Interpreter, authors: Suki Kim
The Thousandfold Thought (The Prince of Nothing  #3), authors: R. Scott Bakker
Flight of the Nighthawks (The Darkwar Saga  #1), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Magician: Apprentice (The Riftwar Saga  #1), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Into a Dark Realm (The Darkwar Saga  #2), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Manna from Heaven, authors: Roger Zelazny, Scott Zrubeck, Steven Brust
Lord of Light, authors: Roger Zelazny
Roger Zelazny's To Rule in Amber (The Dawn of Amber  #3), authors: John Gregory Betancourt, Roger Zelazny
Terrier (Beka Cooper  #1), authors: Tamora Pierce
Alanna: The First Adventure (Song of the Lioness  #1), authors: Tamora Pierce
Young Warriors: Stories of Strength, authors: Tamora Pierce, Josepha Sherman, Margaret Mahy, Lesley McBain, Mike Resnick, Bruce Rogers, Pamela F. Service, Jan Stirling, Holly Black, Doranna Durgin, India Edghill, Rosemary Edghill, Esther M. Friesner, Laura Anne Gilman, Janis Ian, Brett Hartinge
Emperor Mage (Immortals  #3), authors: Tamora Pierce
The Realms of the Gods (Immortals  #4), authors: Tamora Pierce
In the Hand of the Goddess (Song of the Lioness  #2), authors: Tamora Pierce
Wild Magic (Immortals  #1), authors: Tamora Pierce
Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness  #4), authors: Tamora Pierce
The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World, authors: Michael Pollan
The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World, authors: Michael Pollan, Scott Brick
More Milly Molly Mandy, authors: Joyce Lankester Brisley
Essence and Alchemy: A Natural History of Perfume, authors: Mandy Aftel
The Lion  the Witch and the Wardrobe, authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes
Promise of the Witch King (Forgotten Realms: The Sellswords  #2), authors: R.A. Salvatore
Witches Abroad (Discworld  #12), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Wizard's Apprentice (The Keepers  #2), authors: Jackie French Koller, Rebecca Guay
Magician: Apprentice (The Riftwar Saga  #1), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Magician: Apprentice (The Riftwar Saga  #1), authors: Raymond E. Feist, Brett Booth
Geek Love, authors: Katherine Dunn
Dear God  Help!!! Love  Earl, authors: Barbara Park, Kenneth Lafreniere
Prince of the Blood (Krondor's Sons  #1), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Shards of a Broken Crown (The Serpentwar Saga  #4), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Rage of a Demon King (The Serpentwar Saga  #3), authors: Raymond E. Feist
A Crown of Swords (The Wheel of Time  #7), authors: Robert Jordan
Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time  #9), authors: Robert Jordan
The Fires of Heaven (The Wheel of Time  #5), authors: Robert Jordan
A Beautiful Mind, authors: Sylvia Nasar
How To Have A Beautiful Mind, authors: Edward de Bono
The State of Mind Called Beautiful, authors: Sayadaw U. Pandita, Kate Wheeler, Swami Vivekananda
Il genio dei numeri, authors: Sylvia Nasar, Carlo Capararo, Sergio Mancini, Roberta Zuppet
Wolfskin (Saga of the Light Isles  #1), authors: Juliet Marillier
Blade of Fortriu (The Bridei Chronicles  #2), authors: Juliet Marillier
The Dark Mirror (The Bridei Chronicles  #1), authors: Juliet Marillier
Child of the Prophecy (Sevenwaters  #3), authors: Juliet Marillier
Son of the Shadows (Sevenwaters  #2), authors: Juliet Marillier
Wildwood Dancing (Wildwood  #1), authors: Juliet Marillier
Foxmask (Saga of the Light Isles  #2), authors: Juliet Marillier
Foxmask (Saga of the Light Isles  #2), authors: Juliet Marillier
The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression, authors: Andrew Solomon
The Noonday Demon: An Anatomy of Depression, authors: Andrew Solomon
My Secret: A PostSecret Book, authors: Frank Warren
The Secret Lives of Men and Women: A PostSecret Book, authors: Frank Warren
The Secret Life of Houdini: The Making of America's First Superhero, authors: William Kalush, Larry Sloman
The Golden Key, authors: Melanie Rawn, Kate Elliott, Jennifer Roberson
The Case Of The Golden Key (Jigsaw Jones Mystery #19), authors: James Preller, Jamie  Smith
Mandie and the Jumping Juniper (Mandie  #18), authors: Lois Gladys Leppard
Wise Child, authors: Monica Furlong
The Boys of the Archangel Raphael: A Youth Confraternity in Florence  1411-1785, authors: Konrad Eisenbichler
King Solomon's Ring, authors: Konrad Lorenz, Marjorie Kerr Wilson
The Konrad Saga (Konrad  #1-3), authors: David S. Garnett, David Ferring
Aerie (Dragon Jousters  #4), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Sanctuary (Dragon Jousters  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Fortune's Fool (Five Hundred Kingdoms  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
The Fairy Godmother (Five Hundred Kingdoms  #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey
The Wizard of London (Elemental Masters  #4), authors: Mercedes Lackey
By Slanderous Tongues (Doubled Edge  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Roberta Gellis
Arrows of the Queen (Heralds of Valdemar  #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Phoenix and Ashes (Elemental Masters  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Crossroads and Other Tales of Valdemar (Tales of Valdemar #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Rosemary Edghill, Sarah A. Hoyt, Tanya Huff, Fiona Patton, Janni Lee Simner, Mickey Zucker Reichert, Judith Tarr, Larry Dixon, Michael Z. Williamson, Nancy Asire, Richard Lee Byers, Brenda Cooper, Stephanie D. Shaver, Kate Paulk, Michael Longcor, Ben Ohlander
Storm Warning (Valdemar: Mage Storms #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey
This Rough Magic (Heirs of Alexandria  #2), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Eric Flint, Dave Freer
Joust (Dragon Jousters  #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Winds of Fury (Valdemar: Mage Winds #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Winds of Fate (Valdemar: Mage Winds #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Alta (Dragon Jousters  #2), authors: Mercedes Lackey
The Serpent's Shadow (Elemental Masters  #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Storm Rising (Valdemar: Mage Storms  #2), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Exile's Valor (Heralds of Valdemar  #7), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Sword of Ice and Other Tales of Valdemar (Tales of Valdemar #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Tanya Huff, Mickey Zucker Reichert, Michelle Sagara West, Gary A. Braunbeck, John Helfers, Elisabeth Waters, Lawrence Schimel, Mark Shepherd, Janni Lee Simner, Richard Lee Byers, Josepha Sherman, Larry Dixon, John Yezeguielian, Mel White, Stephanie D. Shaver, Kristin Schwengel, Ben Ohlander, Philip M. Austin
The River's Gift, authors: Mercedes Lackey
Jinx High (Diana Tregarde  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Owlknight (Owl Mage Trilogy  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Larry Dixon
Bedlam's Edge (Bedlam's Bard  #8), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Rosemary Edghill
Owlflight (Owl Mage Trilogy  #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Larry Dixon
Children of the Night (Diana Tregarde  #2), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Winter Moon (Walker Papers  #1.5), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Tanith Lee, C.E. Murphy
Arrow's Fall (Heralds of Valdemar  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Difficult Conversations: How to Discuss What Matters Most, authors: Bruce Patton, Douglas Stone, Sheila Heen
The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa, authors: Yasunari Kawabata, Alisa Freedman
Beauty and Sadness, authors: Yasunari Kawabata, Howard Hibbett
The Dancing Girl of Izu and Other Stories, authors: Yasunari Kawabata, J. Martin Holman
Palm-of-the-Hand Stories, authors: Yasunari Kawabata, Lane Dunlop, J. Martin Holman
House of the Sleeping Beauties and Other Stories, authors: Yasunari Kawabata, Edward G. Seidensticker, Yukio Mishima
First Snow on Fuji, authors: Yasunari Kawabata, Michael Emmerich
Romanee Conti: The World's Most Fabled Wine, authors: Richard Olney
As I Crossed a Bridge of Dreams: Recollections of a Woman in Eleventh-Century Japan, authors: Lady Sarashina, Ivan Morris
The Time Traveler's Wife, authors: Audrey Niffenegger
The Part-Time Wife (The Secret Lives of Society Wives  #6), authors: Maureen Child
Part-Time Wife (Hometown Heartbreakers  #4), authors: Susan   Mallery
The Little Friend, authors: Donna Tartt
The Little Friend, authors: Donna Tartt
The Littles and Their Amazing New Friend, authors: John Lawrence Peterson
Little House Friends (Little House Chapter Books: Laura  #9), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Renée Graef
The Legend of the Poinsettia, authors: Tomie dePaola
I Am Legend, authors: Richard Matheson
Throne of Jade (Temeraire  #2), authors: Naomi Novik
Thrones  Dominations, authors: Dorothy L. Sayers, Jill Paton Walsh
A Throne in Brussels: Britain  the Saxe-Coburgs and the Belgianisation of Europe, authors: Paul Belien
Utena: Revolutionary Girl 01, authors: Chiho Saito
Malgudi Days, authors: R.K. Narayan, Jhumpa Lahiri
The Magic Barrel, authors: Bernard Malamud, Jhumpa Lahiri
O Xará, authors: Jhumpa Lahiri
Prétear  Vol. 4 (Prétear  #4), authors: Junichi Satō, Kaori Naruse
Prétear  Vol. 3 (Prétear  #3), authors: Junichi Satō, Kaori Naruse
Prétear  Vol. 2 (Prétear  #2), authors: Junichi Satō, Kaori Naruse
Zinn & the Art of Road Bike Maintenance, authors: Lennard Zinn, Todd Telander
A Power Governments Cannot Suppress, authors: Howard Zinn
Wherever You Go  There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life, authors: Jon Kabat-Zinn
Mindfulness for Beginners, authors: Jon Kabat-Zinn
Grammar Snobs Are Great Big Meanies: A Guide to Language for Fun and Spite, authors: June Casagrande
Death of a Snob (Hamish Macbeth  #6), authors: M.C. Beaton
Beauty is the Beast  Vol. 4, authors: Tomo Matsumoto, Tomo Kimura
Beauty and the Beast, authors: Max Eilenberg, Angela Barrett
Disney's Beauty and the Beast (A Little Golden Book), authors: Teddy Slater, Ron Dias, Ric González
Mao II, authors: Don DeLillo, Marianne Véron
White Noise: Text and Criticism, authors: Don DeLillo, Mark Osteen
The Art of Loving, authors: Erich Fromm, Peter D. Kramer, Rainer Funk
The Art of Loving, authors: Eiki Eiki, Sashiko Sato, Bambi Eloriaga
Inattentional Blindness, authors: Arien Mack, Irvin Rock
Touching the Rock: An Experience of Blindness, authors: John M. Hull, Oliver Sacks
Blindness and Insight: Essays in the Rhetoric of Contemporary Criticism, authors: Paul De Man, Wlad Godzich
Yiddish with Dick and Jane, authors: Ellis Weiner, Barbara Davilman, Gabi Payn
A Treasury of Dick and Jane and Friends (Dick and Jane), authors: Pearson Scott Foresman, William S. Gray
The Complete Dick Tracy Volume 1: 1931-1933, authors: Chester Gould, Ashley Wood, Max Allan Collins
Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep?, authors: Philip K. Dick
Four Novels of the 1960s: The Man in the High Castle / The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch / Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? / Ubik, authors: Philip K. Dick, Jonathan Lethem
The Philip K. Dick Reader, authors: Philip K. Dick
The Shifting Realities of Philip K. Dick, authors: Philip K. Dick, Lawrence Sutin
The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick 3: Second Variety, authors: Philip K. Dick, John Brunner
The Minority Report (Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick), authors: Philip K. Dick
A Man's Protection, authors: Jayne Castle, Jayne Ann Krentz
Jonathan Strange y el señor Norrell, authors: Susanna Clarke, Ana María de la Fuente
Hunger, authors: Lan Samantha Chang
The Diezmo, authors: Rick Bass
Colter: The True Story of the Best Dog I Ever Had, authors: Rick Bass
The Hermit's Story, authors: Rick Bass
The Great Gatsby, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald
Gould's Book of Fish: A Novel in Twelve Fish, authors: Richard Flanagan
One Hundred Years of Solitude, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa
The Liars' Club, authors: Mary Karr
The Pretender (Liar's Club  #1), authors: Celeste Bradley
The Impostor (Liar's Club  #2), authors: Celeste Bradley
Small Wonder, authors: Barbara Kingsolver
Prodigal Summer, authors: Barbara Kingsolver
English Passengers, authors: Matthew Kneale
English Passengers, authors: Matthew Kneale
Independent People, authors: Halldór Laxness, James Anderson Thompson
World Light, authors: Halldór Laxness, Magnus Magnusson
Under the Glacier, authors: Halldór Laxness, Magnus Magnusson
Paradise Reclaimed, authors: Halldór Laxness, Magnus Magnusson, Jane Smiley
Iceland's Bell, authors: Halldór Laxness, Philip Roughton, Adam Haslett
The Atom Station, authors: Halldór Laxness, Magnus Magnusson
Island: Collected Stories, authors: Alistair MacLeod
Carried Away: A Personal Selection of Stories, authors: Alice Munro, Margaret Atwood
Selected Stories, authors: Alice Munro
Runaway, authors: Alice Munro
Something I've Been Meaning to Tell You: 13 Stories, authors: Alice Munro
The Beggar Maid: Stories of Flo and Rose, authors: Alice Munro, Susanna Basso
Lives of Girls and Women, authors: Alice Munro
Open Secrets, authors: Alice Munro
Coin Locker Babies, authors: Ryū Murakami, Stephen Snyder
Pastoralia, authors: George Saunders
Good Faith, authors: Jane Smiley
The Greenlanders, authors: Jane Smiley
The Autograph Man, authors: Zadie Smith
El cazador de autógrafos, authors: Zadie Smith
Anna Karenina, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Constance Garnett
Chronicles: Volume One, authors: Bob Dylan
The Essential Interviews, authors: Bob Dylan, Jonathan Cott
The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia, authors: Michael Gray
Going Native, authors: Stephen Wright
Stranger In A Strange Land, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Rain of Gold, authors: Victor Villaseñor
The Pearl/The Red Pony, authors: John Steinbeck
A Midsummer Night's Dream, authors: William Shakespeare, Stephen Orgel, A.R. Braunmuller, Russ McDonald
A Ring of Endless Light (Austin Family  #4), authors: Madeleine L'Engle
Bless Me  Ultima, authors: Rudolfo Anaya
Island of the Blue Dolphins, authors: Scott O'Dell, Tantoo Cardinal
A Reading Guide to Island of the Blue Dolphins, authors: Patricia McHugh
Einstein's Dreams, authors: Alan Lightman
Sweet Dreams  Mimi (Baby Einstein), authors: Julie Aigner-Clark, Nadeem Zaidi
A Hunger Like No Other (Immortals After Dark  #1), authors: Kresley Cole
The Price of Pleasure (Sutherland Brothers  #2), authors: Kresley Cole
If You Dare (MacCarrick Brothers  #1), authors: Kresley Cole
Organic Church: Growing Faith Where Life Happens, authors: Neil Cole, Leonard Sweet
Chekhov's Doctors: A Collection of Chekhov's Medical Tales (Literature & Medicine 5), authors: Anton Chekhov, Jack Coulehan, Robert Coles
The Story of Ruby Bridges, authors: Robert Coles, George Ford
The Complete Lyrics of Cole Porter, authors: Cole Porter, Robert Kimball, John Updike
Barron's Book Notes: Lord of the Flies, authors: Michael Spring, William Golding
The spire  William Golding : notes, authors: Steve Eddy
The Inheritors, authors: William Golding
The Pyramid, authors: William Golding
President Nixon: Alone in the White House, authors: Richard Reeves
Awakenings, authors: Oliver Sacks
Kitty Goes to Washington (Kitty Norville  #2), authors: Carrie Vaughn
Kitty and the Midnight Hour (Kitty Norville #1), authors: Carrie Vaughn
Not Since Carrie: Forty Years of Broadway Musical Flops, authors: Ken Mandelbaum
Kitty Takes a Holiday (Kitty Norville  #3), authors: Carrie Vaughn
The Best Short Stories of O. Henry, authors: O. Henry, Bennett Cerf, Van H. Cartmell
Amelia Bedelia 50th Anniversary Library: Amelia Bedelia  Amelia Bedelia and the Surprise Shower  and Play Ball  Amelia Bedelia, authors: Peggy Parish, Various
Merry Christmas  Amelia Bedelia, authors: Peggy Parish, Lynn Sweat
Amelia Bedelia Goes Camping, authors: Peggy Parish, Lynn Sweat
Amelia Bedelia and the Baby (Amelia Bedelia), authors: Peggy Parish, Lynn Sweat
Teach Us  Amelia Bedelia, authors: Peggy Parish, Lynn Sweat
Amelia Bedelia Helps Out, authors: Peggy Parish, Lynn Sweat
Directing the Documentary, authors: Michael Rabiger
Introduction to Documentary, authors: Bill Nichols
$30 Film School: How to Write  Direct  Produce  Shoot  Edit  Distribute  Tour With  and Sell Your Own No-Budget Digital Movie, authors: Michael W. Dean
Salonica  City of Ghosts: Christians  Muslims and Jews  1430-1950, authors: Mark Mazower
Farewell to Salonica: City at the Crossroads, authors: Leon Sciaky, Peter Sciaky
The Mind Parasites, authors: Colin Wilson
Neverwhere (London Below  #1), authors: Neil Gaiman
Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere, authors: Mike Carey, Glenn Fabry, Neil Gaiman
Neverwhere, authors: Neil Gaiman
Marjorie Morningstar, authors: Herman Wouk
El Perfume: Historia De Un Asesino, authors: Patrick Süskind
The Perfume of the Lady in Black, authors: Gaston Leroux, Margaret Jull Costa, Terry Hale
The Perfume Factory, authors: Alex Austin
Psyche in a Dress, authors: Francesca Lia Block
Echo, authors: Francesca Lia Block
Ecstasia, authors: Francesca Lia Block
Eight Cousins (Eight Cousins  #1), authors: Louisa May Alcott
Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life, authors: Thich Nhat Hanh, Arnold Kotler, Dalai Lama XIV
Night Beat: A Shadow History of Rock & Roll, authors: Mikal Gilmore
The History of Rock and Roll (World History), authors: Adam Woog
Please Kill Me: The Uncensored Oral History of Punk, authors: Legs McNeil, Gillian McCain
The Day the Country Died: A History of Anarcho-Punk  1980-1984, authors: Ian Glasper
Edie: Girl on Fire, authors: David Weisman, Melissa Painter
Edie, authors: Jean Stein, George Plimpton
The Leatherstocking Tales  Vol. 1: The Pioneers / The Last of the Mohicans / The Prairie, authors: James Fenimore Cooper, Blake Nevius
The Catcher in the Rye: Annotations and Study Aids, authors: J.D. Salinger, Rudolph F. Rau
Der Fänger im Roggen, authors: J.D. Salinger, Eike Schönfeld
A House Divided (House of Earth  #3), authors: Pearl S. Buck
Sons (House of Earth  #2), authors: Pearl S. Buck
East Wind: West Wind, authors: Pearl S. Buck
Encyclopedia Brown Solves Them All (Encyclopedia Brown  #5), authors: Donald J. Sobol, Leonard W. Shortall
Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Slippery Salamander (Encyclopedia Brown  #22), authors: Donald J. Sobol, Warren Chang
Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Treasure Hunt (Encyclopedia Brown  #17), authors: Donald J. Sobol, Gail Owens
Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Sleeping Dog (Encyclopedia Brown  #21), authors: Donald J. Sobol, Warren Chang
When Red Is Black (Inspector Chen Cao #3), authors: Qiu Xiaolong
The Red and the Black, authors: Stendhal, Burton Raffel, Diane Johnson
Red and Black, authors: Stendhal, Robert M. Adams
Black on Red: My 44 Years Inside the Soviet Union: An Autobiography, authors: Robert Robinson, Jonathan Slevin
Thinking Visually (Basics Illustration  #1), authors: Mark Wigan
Love, authors: Stendhal, Gilbert Sale, Suzanne Sale, B.C.J.G. Knight, Jean Stewart
The Charterhouse of Parma, authors: Stendhal, Richard Howard, Robert Andrew Parker
The Charterhouse of Parma, authors: Stendhal, Roger Pearson, Margaret Mauldon
The King of Elfland's Daughter, authors: Lord Dunsany, Neil Gaiman
In the Land of Time: And Other Fantasy Tales, authors: Lord Dunsany, S.T. Joshi
Fifty-One Tales, authors: Lord Dunsany, John Gregory Betancourt, Lin Carter
The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories, authors: Lord Dunsany, Sidney H. Sime
On the Lines of Morris' Romances: Two Books That Inspired J. R. R. Tolkien-The Wood Beyond the World and the Well at the World's End, authors: William Morris, Michale W. Perry
Faust  Part One, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, David  Luke
Faust  First Part, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Peter Salm
Faust  Part Two, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, David  Luke
Nathan the Wise  Minna von Barnhelm  and Other Plays and Writings, authors: Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
Your First Year in Network Marketing: Overcome Your Fears  Experience Success  and Achieve Your Dreams!, authors: Mark Yarnell, Rene Reid Yarnell, Richard  Poe
The Wealth of Networks: How Social Production Transforms Markets and Freedom, authors: Yochai Benkler
War Trash, authors: Ha Jin
戰廢品, authors: Ha Jin, 季思聰
Zone of the Enders: The 2nd Runner Official Strategy Guide, authors: Tim Bogenn
The God Delusion, authors: Richard Dawkins
Good in Bed (Cannie Shapiro  #1), authors: Jennifer Weiner
The Guy Not Taken: Stories, authors: Jennifer Weiner
Goodnight Nobody, authors: Jennifer Weiner
Los diarios de Nanny, authors: Emma McLaughlin, Nicola Kraus
Davita's Harp, authors: Chaim Potok
Neuromancer, authors: William Gibson
Chosen By God: Know God's Perfect Plan for His Glory and His Children, authors: R.C. Sproul
The Chosen: The Hidden History of Admission and Exclusion at Harvard  Yale  and Princeton, authors: Jerome Karabel
Chosen Prey (Lucas Davenport  #12), authors: John Sandford
Chosen But Free, authors: Norman L. Geisler
The Lady Chosen (Bastion Club  #1), authors: Stephanie Laurens
Maya Cosmogenesis 2012: The True Meaning of the Maya Calendar End-Date, authors: John Major Jenkins, Terence McKenna
Travels of Marco Polo, authors: Marco Polo, Howard Mittelmark, Milton Rugoff
The Sword of Angels (The Bronze Knight  #3), authors: John Marco
A Scanner Darkly, authors: Philip K. Dick
Midnight's Children, authors: Salman Rushdie
Last Man Standing, authors: David Baldacci
Last Man Standing, authors: David Baldacci
Last Man Standing, authors: David Baldacci
Rape: A Love Story, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Plain Truth, authors: Jodi Picoult
Vanishing Acts, authors: Jodi Picoult
Nineteen Minutes, authors: Jodi Picoult
The Pact, authors: Jodi Picoult
Compasión, authors: Jodi Picoult
The Outsiders, authors: S.E. Hinton, Jodi Picoult
Die Wahrheit der letzten Stunde, authors: Jodi Picoult
Die Hexen von Salem Falls, authors: Jodi Picoult
In einer regnerischen Nacht., authors: Jodi Picoult
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, authors: Betty  Smith
The Sound of Mountain Water, authors: Wallace Stegner
Wolf Willow, authors: Wallace Stegner, Page Stegner
Mormon Country, authors: Wallace Stegner, Richard W. Etulain
The Complete Novels, authors: Jane Austen
Jane Austen's Letters, authors: Jane Austen
Pride and Prejudice, authors: Jane Austen
The Complete Novels of Jane Austen  Vol 1: Sense & Sensibility/Pride & Prejudice/Mansfield Park, authors: Jane Austen
Pride and Prejudice, authors: Jane Austen, Pat Rogers
Desire and Duty: A Sequel to Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, authors: Ted Bader, Marilyn Bader
Emma, authors: Jane Austen, James Kinsley, Adela Pinch
Emma, authors: Jane Austen
Emma, authors: Jane Austen, Prunella Scales
Sense and Sensibility, authors: Jane Austen, Claudia L. Johnson
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, authors: Edward Albee
To the Lighthouse, authors: Virginia Woolf, Mark Hussey
Mrs. Dalloway, authors: Virginia Woolf, Maureen Howard
A Room of One's Own, authors: Virginia Woolf
Moments of Being: A Collection of Autobiographical Writing, authors: Virginia Woolf, Jeanne Schulkind
The Complete Shorter Fiction of Virginia Woolf, authors: Virginia Woolf, Susan Dick
The Diary of Virginia Woolf  Volume Two: 1920-1924, authors: Virginia Woolf, Anne Olivier Bell, Andrew McNeillie
A Writer's Diary, authors: Virginia Woolf, Leonard Woolf
The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas, authors: Gertrude Stein
Strange Fits of Passion, authors: Anita Shreve
Eden Close, authors: Anita Shreve
Where or When, authors: Anita Shreve
Body Surfing, authors: Anita Shreve
Labyrinth (Languedoc  #1), authors: Kate Mosse
Labyrinth of Evil (Star Wars: The Dark Lord Trilogy  #1), authors: James Luceno
Labyrinths: Selected Stories and Other Writings, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, James E. Irby, Donald A. Yates, André Maurois
El laberinto, authors: Kate Mosse, Claudia Conde
Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife, authors: Mary Roach
Odd Thomas (Odd Thomas  #1), authors: Dean Koontz
Brother Odd (Odd Thomas  #3), authors: Dean Koontz
Rape: A Love Story, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
First Love: A Gothic Tale, authors: Joyce Carol Oates, Barry Moser, Erhan Sunar
The Haunted Screen: Expressionism in the German Cinema and the Influence of Max Reinhardt, authors: Lotte H. Eisner
Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes Are High, authors: Kerry Patterson, Joseph Grenny, Ron McMillan, Al Switzler, Stephen R. Covey
Conversations with God: An Uncommon Dialogue  Book 1, authors: Neale Donald Walsch
Conversations With God: An Uncommon Dialogue  Book 3, authors: Neale Donald Walsch
Conversations With God: An Uncommon Dialogue  Book 2, authors: Neale Donald Walsch
Naked Conversations: How Blogs Are Changing the Way Businesses Talk with Customers, authors: Robert Scoble, Shel  Israel
The Art of Civilized Conversation: A Guide to Expressing Yourself with Style and Grace, authors: Margaret Shepherd, Penny Carter, Sharon Hogan
Conversation: A History of a Declining Art, authors: Stephen Miller
Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas, authors: Michka Assayas
Michael Powell: Interviews, authors: David Lazar
Art and Lies, authors: Jeanette Winterson
Tanglewreck, authors: Jeanette Winterson
Weight: The Myth of Atlas and Heracles, authors: Jeanette Winterson
The Passion, authors: Jeanette Winterson
Art Objects: Essays on Ecstasy and Effrontery, authors: Jeanette Winterson
The World and Other Places: Stories, authors: Jeanette Winterson
Sexing the Cherry, authors: Jeanette Winterson
Lighthousekeeping, authors: Jeanette Winterson
Written on the Body, authors: Jeanette Winterson
I'm Telling You Stories: Jeanette Winterson and the Politics of Reading (Postmodern Studies 25), authors: Helena Grice, Tim Woods
Easy Riders  Raging Bulls: How the Sex-Drugs-And-Rock-'N'-Roll Generation Saved Hollywood, authors: Peter Biskind
It's Only a Movie  Ingrid: Encounters on and Off Screen, authors: Alexander  Walker
Portraits of Murder: 47 Short Stories Chosen by the Master of Suspense, authors: Alfred Hitchcock, Don Tothe
The Art of Alfred Hitchcock: Fifty Years of His Motion Pictures, authors: Donald Spoto
The Complete Films Of Alfred Hitchcock, authors: Robert A. Harris, Michael S. Lasky
The Mystery of the Whispering Mummy (Alfred Hitchcock and The Three Investigators  #3), authors: Robert Arthur, Alfred Hitchcock
Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho, authors: Stephen Rebello
Five Quarters of the Orange, authors: Joanne Harris
Five Quarters of the Orange, authors: Joanne Harris
Sleep  Pale Sister, authors: Joanne Harris
Blackberry Wine, authors: Joanne Harris
Gentlemen and Players, authors: Joanne Harris
Blackberry Wine, authors: Joanne Harris
The Lollipop Shoes (Chocolat  #2), authors: Joanne Harris
The French Kitchen: A Cookbook, authors: Joanne Harris, Fran Warde
Holy Madness: The Shock Tactics Radical Teachings Crazy Wise Adepts Holy Fools Rascal Gurus, authors: Georg Feuerstein, Roger Walsh
The Adventuress, authors: Audrey Niffenegger
The Time Traveler's Wife, authors: Audrey Niffenegger, William Hope, Laurel Lefkow
La mujer del viajero en el tiempo, authors: Audrey Niffenegger, Silvia Alemany
Ralph Ellison: A Biography, authors: Arnold Rampersad
The Collectors (Camel Club  #2), authors: David Baldacci
Saving Faith, authors: David Baldacci
Total Control, authors: David Baldacci
She Got Up Off the Couch: And Other Heroic Acts from Mooreland  Indiana, authors: Haven Kimmel
Orville: A Dog Story, authors: Haven Kimmel, Robert Andrew Parker
The Solace Of Leaving Early, authors: Haven Kimmel
The Used World, authors: Haven Kimmel
Something Rising, authors: Haven Kimmel
Bridge of Birds (The Chronicles of Master Li and Number Ten Ox  #1), authors: Barry Hughart
American Film Guide, authors: Frank N. Magill
Looking for God in Harry Potter, authors: John Granger
Shades of Murder (Mitchell and Markby Village  #13), authors: Ann Granger
The Complete Maus, authors: Art Spiegelman
Maus I: A Survivor's Tale: My Father Bleeds History (Maus  #1), authors: Art Spiegelman
Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers, authors: Tom Wolfe
Katz und Maus, authors: Günter Grass
Sorcery Rising (Fool's Gold  #1), authors: Jude Fisher
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers: Visual Companion, authors: Jude Fisher, Viggo Mortensen
In the Green Star's Glow (Green Star  #5), authors: Lin Carter
By the Light of the Green Star (Green Star  #3), authors: Lin Carter
The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion, authors: Wayne G. Hammond, Christina Scull
The Lord of the Rings: Official Movie Guide, authors: Brian Sibley
The Two Towers (The Lord of the Rings  #2), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Peter S. Beagle
The Return of the King (The Lord of the Rings  #3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King - Visual Companion, authors: Jude Fisher
Death's Acre: Inside the Legendary Forensic Lab the Body Farm Where the Dead Do Tell Tales, authors: William M. Bass, Jon Jefferson
The Magical Worlds of Lord of the Rings: The Amazing Myths  Legends and Facts Behind the Masterpiece, authors: David Colbert
The Rough Guide to Australia 7, authors: Margo Daly, David Leffman, Anne Dehne, Chris   Scott
The Rough Guide to Vietnam, authors: Rough Guides, Jan Dodd, Mark Lewis, Ron Emmons
魔戒首部曲：魔戒現身, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, 托爾金, Alan  Lee, 朱學恆
A Gateway to Sindarin: A Grammar of an Elvish Language from J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, authors: David Salo
The Return of the King (The Lord of the Rings  #3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Laughing Corpse (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #2), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
What the Corpse Revealed, authors: Hugh    Miller
Corpse: Nature  Forensics  and the Struggle to Pinpoint Time of Death, authors: Jessica Snyder Sachs
The Main Corpse (A Goldy Bear Culinary Mystery #6), authors: Diane Mott Davidson
魔戒二部曲：雙城奇謀, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, 托爾金, Alan  Lee, 朱學恆
Exquisite Corpse, authors: Poppy Z. Brite
The Return of the King (The Lord of the Rings  #3), authors: Brian Sibley, J.R.R. Tolkien
The Fellowship of the Ring (The Lord of the Rings  #1), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Lord of the Rings / The Hobbit, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
Bored of the Rings: A Parody of J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, authors: The Harvard Lampoon, Henry N. Beard, Douglas C. Kenney
The Return of the Shadow: The History of The Lord of the Rings  Part One (The History of Middle-Earth  #6), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
Les Deux Tours (Le Seigneur des Anneaux  #2), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Francis Ledoux
The Lord of the Rings, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Brian Sibley, Michael Bakewell, Stephen  Oliver, Ian Holm, Michael Hordern, Robert Stephens, John Le Mesurier, Peter Woodthorpe, Gerard  Murphy, Hugh Dickson, Peter Vaughan, Peter Howell
The Return of the King (The Lord of the Rings  #3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Ice Storm, authors: Rick Moody
The Diviners, authors: Rick Moody
Right Livelihoods: Three Novellas, authors: Rick Moody
Black Veil: A Memoir with Digressions, authors: Rick Moody
Garden State, authors: Rick Moody
The Lord of the Rings Millennium Edition Boxed Set (The Lord of the Rings  #1-3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
The Twenty-Seventh City, authors: Jonathan Franzen
Stork Naked (Xanth  #30), authors: Piers Anthony
Pet Peeve (Xanth #29), authors: Piers Anthony
Up in a Heaval (Xanth #26), authors: Piers Anthony
Roc and a Hard Place (Xanth #19), authors: Piers Anthony
Swell Foop (Xanth #25), authors: Piers Anthony
Being a Green Mother (Incarnations of Immortality  #5), authors: Piers Anthony
Firefly, authors: Piers Anthony
Yon Ill Wind (Xanth #20), authors: Piers Anthony
Vision of Tarot (Tarot  #2), authors: Piers Anthony
On a Pale Horse, authors: Piers Anthony
Vale of the Vole (Xanth #10), authors: Piers Anthony
The Dastard (Xanth #24), authors: Piers Anthony
Demons Don't Dream (Xanth #16), authors: Piers Anthony
The Color of Her Panties (Xanth #15), authors: Piers Anthony
Faun & Games (Xanth #21), authors: Piers Anthony
Harpy Thyme (Xanth #17), authors: Piers Anthony
Geis of the Gargoyle (Xanth #18), authors: Piers Anthony
Three Complete Xanth Novels (Xanth  #1-3), authors: Piers Anthony
God of Tarot (Tarot  #1), authors: Piers Anthony
Faith of Tarot (Tarot  #3), authors: Piers Anthony
Unicorn Point (Apprentice Adept #6), authors: Piers Anthony
Hard Sell, authors: Piers Anthony
Var the Stick (Battle Circle  #2), authors: Piers Anthony
Xanth: The Quest for Magic (Xanth  #1-3), authors: Piers Anthony
Killobyte, authors: Piers Anthony
Fractal Mode (Mode  #2), authors: Piers Anthony
Anthonology, authors: Piers Anthony
I Maccabees, authors: Jonathan  A. Goldstein, Anonymous
II Maccabees, authors: Anonymous, Jonathan  A. Goldstein
Question Quest (Xanth #14), authors: Piers Anthony
Rings of Ice, authors: Piers Anthony
Shame of Man (Geodyssey  #2), authors: Piers Anthony
Magic Kingdom for Sale—Sold! (Magic Kingdom of Landover #1), authors: Terry Brooks
Armageddon's Children (Genesis of Shannara  #1), authors: Terry Brooks
Straken (High Druid of Shannara  #3), authors: Terry Brooks
Tanequil (High Druid of Shannara  #2), authors: Terry Brooks
The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara Trilogy (Voyage of the Jerle Shannara  #1-3), authors: Terry Brooks
The Heritage of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara  #1-4), authors: Terry Brooks
Jarka Ruus (High Druid of Shannara  #1), authors: Terry Brooks
Ilse Witch (Voyage of the Jerle Shannara #1), authors: Terry Brooks
First King of Shannara (The Original Shannara Trilogy #0), authors: Terry Brooks
The Elf Queen of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara  #3), authors: Terry Brooks
The Druids' Keep (The Sword of Shannara  #2), authors: Terry Brooks
The Elfstones of Shannara (The Original Shannara Trilogy #2), authors: Terry Brooks
In the Shadow of the Warlock Lord (The Sword of Shannara  #1), authors: Terry Brooks
Ferdydurke, authors: Witold Gombrowicz, Danuta Borchardt
Cosmos and Pornografia: Two Novels, authors: Witold Gombrowicz, Alastair Hamilton, Eric Mosbacher
Cosmos, authors: Witold Gombrowicz, Danuta Borchardt
Bacacay, authors: Witold Gombrowicz, Bill Johnston
McSweeney's #12, authors: Dave Eggers, Roddy Doyle, McSweeney's Publishing
A Midwife's Tale: The Life of Martha Ballard  Based on Her Diary  1785-1812, authors: Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
The Midwife's Apprentice, authors: Karen Cushman
Heart & Hands: A Midwife's Guide to Pregnancy & Birth, authors: Elizabeth  Davis, Suzanne Arms
A Midwife's Story, authors: Sheryl Feldman, Penny Armstrong
The Midwife's Tale, authors: Gretchen Moran Laskas
Varney's Pocket Midwife, authors: Jan M. Kriebs, Carolyn L. Gegor
McSweeney's #24, authors: Dave Eggers, Christopher R. Howard, Jonathan Ames, Joe Meno, Eric Hanson
Billy Budd  Sailor and Other Uncompleted Writings, authors: Herman Melville
Billy Budd  Sailor, authors: Herman Melville, Harrison Hayford, Merton M. Sealts Jr.
Billy Budd  Sailor, authors: Herman Melville
The Outsider, authors: Richard Wright
Native Son, authors: Richard Wright
Later Works: Black Boy (American Hunger) / The Outsider, authors: Richard Wright, Arnold Rampersad
Cyrano de Bergerac, authors: Edmond Rostand, Eteel Lawson, Lowell Bair
Cyrano de Bergerac, authors: Edmond Rostand, Anthony Burgess
The Inferno of Dante: A New Verse Translation (Bilingual Edition), authors: Dante Alighieri, Robert Pinsky, Michael Mazur
Batman: Inferno, authors: Alexander C. Irvine
Inferno (La Divina Commedia #1), authors: Dante Alighieri, Ronald L. Martinez, Robert M. Durling, Robert Turner
Dante's Inferno, authors: Dante Alighieri, Mark Musa
The Stranger Beside Me: Ted Bundy: The Shocking Inside Story, authors: Ann Rule
The Kindness of Strangers, authors: Katrina Kittle
Stranger in the Forest: On Foot Across Borneo, authors: Eric Hansen
Strangers In Paradise  Pocket Book 5, authors: Terry Moore
The Strangers in the House, authors: Georges Simenon, P.D. James, Geoffrey Sainsbury, David Watson
Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger (Wayside School  #3), authors: Louis Sachar
Strangers, authors: Dean Koontz
Strangers on a Train, authors: Patricia Highsmith
Come a Stranger (Tillerman Cycle  #5), authors: Cynthia Voigt
Exile and the Kingdom, authors: Albert Camus, Carol Cosman, Orhan Pamuk
A Happy Death, authors: Albert Camus, Richard Howard, Jean Sarocchi
Lyrical and Critical Essays, authors: Albert Camus, Ellen Conroy Kennedy, Philip Thody
L'Étranger, authors: Albert Camus
Outsider, authors: Albert Camus
Caligula and Three Other Plays, authors: Albert Camus
The Possessed, authors: Albert Camus, Justin O'Brien
Caligula, authors: Albert Camus, Pierre-Louis Rey, P. Morgan, E.T. Jones
Introducing Camus, authors: David Zane Mairowitz, Alain Korkos
Notebooks  1935-1951, authors: Albert Camus, Philip Thody, Justin O'Brien
Existential Meditation, authors: Simon Cleveland
The Plague, authors: Albert Camus, Robin Buss
Le mythe de Sisyphe, authors: Albert Camus
Marvel 1602, authors: Neil Gaiman, Andy Kubert, Richard Isanove, Peter Sanderson, Todd Klein
Galapagos: A Natural History, authors: Michael H. Jackson
Ecuador & the Galapagos Islands, authors: Danny Palmerlee, Carolyn McCarthy, Michael Grosberg, Lonely Planet
Galápagos, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Breakfast of Champions, authors: Robert Egan, Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Seabiscuit: The Saga of a Great Champion, authors: B.K. Beckwith, Howard Brodie, Grantland Rice
One Door Away from Heaven, authors: Dean Koontz
Dark Rivers of the Heart / Sole Survivor / Intensity, authors: Dean Koontz
The Amateur Marriage, authors: Anne Tyler
El matrimonio amateur, authors: Anne Tyler, Gemma Rovira
Angel Christmas, authors: Carole Nelson Douglas, Emma Merritt, Marilyn Campbell, Patricia Rice, Mary Balogh
Sideways Stories from Wayside School (Wayside School #1), authors: Louis Sachar, Adam McCauley
Sideways, authors: Rex Pickett
Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School (Wayside School #2.5), authors: Louis Sachar
The Sideways Guide to Wine and Life, authors: Alexander Payne, Jim     Taylor
More Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School (Wayside School #2.6), authors: Louis Sachar
Sideways: The Shooting Script, authors: Alexander Payne, Jim     Taylor
White Man's Grave, authors: Richard Dooling
Charms for the Easy Life, authors: Kaye Gibbons
The Lovely Bones, authors: Alice Sebold
Hour Game (Sean King & Michelle Maxwell  #2), authors: David Baldacci
House of Sand and Fog, authors: Andre Dubus III, Fontaine Dollas Dubus
While I Was Gone, authors: Sue Miller
My War Gone by  I Miss It So, authors: Anthony Loyd
Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone? The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music, authors: Mark Zwonitzer, Charles Hirshberg
Bird Songs: Of North America, authors: Les Beletsky, Jon L. Dunn
National Geographic Field Guide to the Birds of North America, authors: National Geographic Society, Jon L. Dunn, Jonathan Alderfer
Fugitive Pieces, authors: Anne Michaels
Theories of Relativity, authors: Barbara Haworth-Attard
Relativity: The Special and the General Theory, authors: Albert Einstein, Nigel Calder, Robert W. Lawson
Relativity: The Special and the General Theory: The Masterpiece Science Edition, authors: Albert Einstein, Roger Penrose, Robert Geroch, David C. Cassidy
Mirror Mirror, authors: Gregory Maguire
Unnatural Exposure (Kay Scarpetta  #8), authors: Patricia Cornwell
Estado De Miedo, authors: Michael Crichton
Mugglenet.Com's What Will Happen in Harry Potter 7: Who Lives  Who Dies  Who Falls in Love and How Will the Adventure Finally End?, authors: Ben Schoen, Andy Gordon, Gretchen Stull, Emerson Spartz, Jamie Lawrence
Harry Potter y el misterio del príncipe (Harry Potter  #6), authors: J.K. Rowling, Gemma Rovira Ortega
Harry Potter y la Orden del Fénix (Harry Potter  #5), authors: J.K. Rowling
Ultimate Unofficial Guide to the Mysteries of Harry Potter: Analysis of Books 1-4, authors: Galadriel Waters, Astre Mithrandir
Harrius Potter et Philosophi Lapis, authors: J.K. Rowling, Peter Needham
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Harry Potter  #2), authors: J.K. Rowling, Mary GrandPré
Harrius Potter et Camera Secretorum, authors: J.K. Rowling, Peter Needham
La historia de la familia Roccamatio de Helsinki, authors: Yann Martel, Bianca Southwood
An Instance of the Fingerpost, authors: Iain Pears
An Instance of the Fingerpost, authors: Iain Pears
Tears of the Giraffe (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  #2), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
Friends  Lovers  Chocolate (Isabel Dalhousie  #2), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
The Right Attitude to Rain (Isabel Dalhousie  #3), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
The Sunday Philosophy Club (Isabel Dalhousie  #1), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs (Portuguese Irregular Verbs  #2), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
Geisha: The Life  the Voices  the Art, authors: Jodi Cobb, Ian Buruma
True Believers (Gregor Demarkian  #17), authors: Jane Haddam
At First Sight (Jeremy Marsh & Lexie Darnell  #2), authors: Nicholas Sparks
The Guardian, authors: Nicholas Sparks
Wokini: A Lakota Journey to Happiness and Self-Understanding, authors: Billy Mills, Nicholas Sparks
The Notebook (The Notebook  #1), authors: Nicholas Sparks
À tout jamais, authors: Nicholas Sparks
Weg der Träume, authors: Nicholas Sparks, Maja Ueberle-Pfaff
Noches de tormenta, authors: Nicholas Sparks, Isabel Margelí
True Believer, authors: Nicholas Sparks
The Patron Saint of Liars, authors: Ann Patchett
Because It Is Bitter  and Because It Is My Heart, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
The Female of the Species: Tales of Mystery and Suspense, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
The Falls, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
The Assignation: Stories, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
The Gravedigger's Daughter, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Middle Age: A Romance, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Black Water, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
Blonde, authors: Joyce Carol Oates, Claude Seban
The Museum of Dr. Moses: Tales of Mystery and Suspense, authors: Joyce Carol Oates
A Garden of Earthly Delights (Wonderland Quartet  #1), authors: Joyce Carol Oates, Elaine Showalter
Paradise Lost, authors: John Milton, John      Leonard
Paradise Lost, authors: John Milton, Philip Pullman
Paradise Lost, authors: John Milton, Gordon Teskey
Paradise (Second Opportunities  #1), authors: Judith McNaught
Last Train to Paradise: Henry Flagler and the Spectacular Rise and Fall of the Railroad that Crossed an Ocean, authors: Les Standiford
Milton's Paradise Lost, authors: John Milton, Gustave Doré
The Trouble with the Pears: An Intimate Portrait of Erzsebet Bathory, authors: Gia Bathory Al Babel
Mary Queen of Scotland and The Isles, authors: Margaret George
When the Elephants Dance, authors: Tess Uriza Holthe
A Thread of Grace, authors: Mary Doria Russell
The Piano Shop on the Left Bank: Discovering a Forgotten Passion in a Paris Atelier, authors: Thad Carhart
The Dive From Clausen's Pier, authors: Ann Packer
The Dive from Clausen's Pier, authors: Ann Packer
A Dubious Codicil, authors: Michael Wharton
The Awakening and Selected Stories, authors: Kate Chopin, Cynthia Brantley Johnson, Alyssa  Harad
Complete Novels and Stories, authors: Kate Chopin, Sandra M. Gilbert
Beowulf & Grendel: The Truth Behind England's Oldest Legend, authors: John Grigsby
Grendel: Devil by the Deed, authors: Matt Wagner, Rich Rankin, Chris Pitzer, Diana Schutz
Fuselfieber, authors: David Sedaris, Harry Rowohlt
Mi vida en rose, authors: David Sedaris
A Dance to the Music of Time: 4th Movement (A Dance to the Music of Time  #10-12), authors: Anthony Powell
Anthony Powell: A Life, authors: Michael   Barber
A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement (A Dance to the Music of Time  #1-3), authors: Anthony Powell
A Dance to the Music of Time: 3rd Movement (A Dance to the Music of Time  #7-9), authors: Anthony Powell
A Dance to the Music of Time: 2nd Movement (A Dance to the Music of Time  #4-6), authors: Anthony Powell
Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller  Sr., authors: Ron Chernow
Alexander Hamilton, authors: Ron Chernow
The House of Morgan: An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance, authors: Ron Chernow
Ego and Hubris: The Michael Malice Story, authors: Harvey Pekar, Gary Dumm
Empire of the Senseless, authors: Kathy Acker
Great Expectations, authors: Kathy Acker
Desert Queen: The Extraordinary Life of Gertrude Bell: Adventurer  Adviser to Kings  Ally of Lawrence of Arabia, authors: Janet Wallach
Queen of the Scene, authors: Queen Latifah, Frank Morrison
The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature, authors: Matt Ridley
The Sweet Potato Queens' Big-Ass Cookbook (and Financial Planner), authors: Jill Conner Browne
Dairy Queen (Dairy Queen  #1), authors: Catherine Gilbert Murdock
Sex with the Queen: 900 Years of Vile Kings  Virile Lovers  and Passionate Politics, authors: Eleanor Herman
The Boleyn Inheritance (The Plantagenet and Tudor Novels  #10), authors: Philippa Gregory
The Constant Princess (The Plantagenet and Tudor Novels  #6), authors: Philippa Gregory
The Favored Child (The Wideacre Trilogy  #2), authors: Philippa Gregory
The Virgin's Lover (The Plantagenet and Tudor Novels  #13), authors: Philippa Gregory
Virgin Earth  (Tradescant  #2), authors: Philippa Gregory
The Wise Woman, authors: Philippa Gregory
Meridon (The Wideacre Trilogy  #3), authors: Philippa Gregory
The Little House, authors: Philippa Gregory
Wideacre  (The Wideacre Trilogy  #1), authors: Philippa Gregory
Un café lejos de aquí, authors: Z.Z. Packer, María Pérez López de Heredia
You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times, authors: Howard Zinn
Declarations of Independence: Cross-Examining American Ideology, authors: Howard Zinn
Citas Celestiales, authors: Alexander McCall Smith, Marta Torent López de Lamadrid
Ella Minnow Pea: A Novel in Letters, authors: Mark Dunn
Daisy Miller and Other Stories, authors: Henry James, Jean Gooder
The Turn of the Screw/Daisy Miller, authors: Henry James
The Hot Zone: The Terrifying True Story of the Origins of the Ebola Virus, authors: Richard Preston
The Hot Zone: The Chilling True Story of an Ebola Outbreak, authors: Richard   Preston
Gardening with a Wild Heart: Restoring California's Native Landscapes at Home, authors: Judith Larner Lowry
Teacher's Pet (Wild at Heart  #7), authors: Laurie Halse Anderson
Homeless (Wild at Heart  #2), authors: Laurie Halse Anderson, Mark Salisbury
Hear the Wind Blow, authors: Mary Downing Hahn
Case Histories (Jackson Brodie #1), authors: Kate Atkinson
Three Case Histories, authors: Sigmund Freud, Philip Rieff
Michael Tolliver Lives (Tales of the City  #7), authors: Armistead Maupin
Back to Barbary Lane: The Tales of the City Omnibus (Tales of the City  #4-6), authors: Armistead Maupin
The Intuitionist, authors: Colson Whitehead
John Henry Days, authors: Colson Whitehead
Why Are All The Black Kids Sitting Together in the Cafeteria?": A Psychologist Explains the Development of Racial Identity, authors: Beverly Daniel Tatum
The Custard Kid (Black Cats), authors: Terry Deary
The Magus, authors: John Fowles
The Magus of Freemasonry: The Mysterious Life of Elias Ashmole—Scientist  Alchemist  and Founder of the Royal Society, authors: Tobias Churton
The Myth of the Magus (Canto Original), authors: Elizabeth M. Butler
Cards on the Table (Hercule Poirot  #15), authors: Agatha Christie
A Murder Is Announced (Miss Marple  #5), authors: Agatha Christie
And Then There Were None, authors: Agatha Christie
Sleeping Murder (Miss Marple  #13), authors: Agatha Christie
Agatha Christie: An Autobiography, authors: Agatha Christie, Robert Welch Herrick
Murder on the Orient Express (Hercule Poirot  #10), authors: Agatha Christie
Evil Under the Sun (Hercule Poirot  #24), authors: Agatha Christie
Hallowe'en Party (Hercule Poirot  #39), authors: Agatha Christie
One  Two  Buckle My Shoe (Hercule Poirot  #23), authors: Agatha Christie, Hugh Fraser
A Caribbean Mystery, authors: Agatha Christie, Rosalind Ayres
Crooked House, authors: Agatha Christie
The Body in the Library (Miss Marple  #3), authors: Agatha Christie
Witness for the Prosecution and Selected Plays, authors: Agatha Christie
The A.B.C. Murders (Hercule Poirot  #13), authors: Agatha Christie
Partners in Crime (Tommy and Tuppence #2), authors: Agatha Christie
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd (Hercule Poirot  #4), authors: Agatha Christie
Dead Man's Folly (Hercule Poirot  #33), authors: Agatha Christie, David Suchet
Poirot's Early Cases: 18 Hercule Poirot Mysteries (Hercule Poirot  #41), authors: Agatha Christie, Hugh Fraser, David Suchet
Murder at the Vicarage (Miss Marple  #1), authors: Agatha Christie
The Listerdale Mystery And Eleven Other Stories, authors: Agatha Christie, Hugh Fraser
The Mystery of the Blue Train (Hercule Poirot  #6), authors: Agatha Christie
The Unexpected Guest: A Play In Two Acts, authors: Agatha Christie
After the Funeral, authors: Agatha Christie
Cat Among the Pigeons (Hercule Poirot  #34), authors: Agatha Christie
The Mysterious Affair at Styles (Hercule Poirot  #1), authors: Agatha Christie
Absent in the Spring and Other Novels (Mary Westmacott Omnibus  #1--Absent in the Spring  Giant's Bread  The Rose and the Yew Tree), authors: Mary Westmacott, Agatha Christie
Hercule Poirot's Christmas (Hercule Poirot  #20), authors: Agatha Christie
Black Coffee (Hercule Poirot  #45.5), authors: Charles Osborne, Agatha Christie
Hercule Poirot's Christmas: A BBC Radio 4 Full-Cast Dramatisation, authors: Agatha Christie, Michael Bakewell, Peter Sallis, Cyril Luckham, Edward De Souza, Rachel Gurney, Nicky Henson, Deryck Guyler
Murder on the Orient Express (Hercule Poirot  #10), authors: Agatha Christie
Death on the Nile (Hercule Poirot  #17), authors: Agatha Christie
Mrs. McGinty's Dead (Hercule Poirot  #30), authors: Agatha Christie
The Most of P.G. Wodehouse, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Full Moon (Blandings Castle  #7), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
How Right You Are  Jeeves (Jeeves  #12), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Life With Jeeves (Jeeves  #6  2  & 4), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Spring Fever, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Carry On  Jeeves (Jeeves  #3), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Lord Emsworth and Others (Blandings Castle  #5.5), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Mating Season (Jeeves  #9), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Thank You  Jeeves (Jeeves  #5), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Big Money, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Much Obliged  Jeeves, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Inimitable Jeeves (Jeeves  #2), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Thank You  Jeeves, authors: P.G. Wodehouse, Jonathan Cecil
Money in the Bank, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Luck of the Bodkins, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Joy in the Morning, authors: P.G. Wodehouse, Chris Miller
The Labours of Hercules (Hercule Poirot  #27), authors: Agatha Christie, Hugh Fraser
Dead Man's Folly (Hercule Poirot  #33), authors: Agatha Christie
Hercule Poirot's Casebook (Hercule Poirot  #42), authors: Agatha Christie
The Husband, authors: Dean Koontz
City of Night (Dean Koontz's Frankenstein  #2), authors: Dean Koontz, Ed Gorman
Sole Survivor, authors: Dean Koontz
Forever Odd (Odd Thomas  #2), authors: Dean Koontz
Life Expectancy, authors: Dean Koontz
The Raphael Affair (Jonathan Argyll  #1), authors: Iain Pears
The Dream of Scipio, authors: Iain Pears
Welcome to the Great Mysterious, authors: Lorna Landvik
Oh My Stars, authors: Lorna Landvik
Your Oasis on Flame Lake, authors: Lorna Landvik
Patty Jane's House of Curl, authors: Lorna Landvik, Mechtild Sandberg-Ciletti, Mechtild Ciletti
The Tall Pine Polka / Your Oasis on Flame Lake, authors: Lorna Landvik
Anne's House Of Dreams, authors: L.M. Montgomery
Poirot: The Complete Ariadne Oliver  Vol. 2, authors: Agatha Christie
The Phantom Tollbooth, authors: Norton Juster, Jules Feiffer
The Sixth Book of Lost Swords: Mindsword's Story (Lost Swords  #6), authors: Fred Saberhagen
The Fourth Book of Lost Swords: Farslayer's Story (Lost Swords  #4), authors: Fred Saberhagen
Berserkers: The Beginning (Berserkers  #1 & #5), authors: Fred Saberhagen
The Last Book of Swords: Shieldbreaker's Story (Lost Swords  #8), authors: Fred Saberhagen
Ariadne's Web (Book of the Gods  #2), authors: Fred Saberhagen
The Arms of Hercules (Book of the Gods  #3), authors: Fred Saberhagen
Berserker: Blue Death (Berserker  #8), authors: Fred Saberhagen
Daughter of Fortune, authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden
My Invented Country: A Nostalgic Journey Through Chile, authors: Isabel Allende
Aphrodite: A Memoir of the Senses, authors: Isabel Allende, Robert Shekter, Panchita Llona
Of Love and Shadows, authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden
Strange Relations, authors: Philip José Farmer
The Black Tower (Philip José Farmer's The Dungeon  #1), authors: Richard A. Lupoff, Bruce Coville, Philip José Farmer, Charles de Lint, Robin Wayne Bailey, Robert Gould
Dayworld (Dayworld #1), authors: Philip José Farmer
The Dungeon 2 (Philip José Farmer's The Dungeon  Omnibus Volume 2: Valley of Thunder/Lake of Fire), authors: Charles de Lint, Robin Wayne Bailey, Philip José Farmer
Pictures by J.R.R. Tolkien, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The J.R.R. Tolkien Handbook: A Comprehensive Guide to His Life  Writings  and World of Middle-Earth, authors: Colin Duriez, Brian Sibley
Mr. Majeika and the School Trip, authors: Humphrey Carpenter
The Infinite Plan, authors: Isabel Allende
Ines of My Soul, authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden
Selected Non-Fictions, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Suzanne Jill Levine, Esther Allen, Eliot Weinberger
The Book of Imaginary Beings, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Margarita Guerrero, Peter Sís, Andrew Hurley
Ficciones, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Gordon Botherston, Peter Hulme
This Craft of Verse, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Călin-Andrei Mihăilescu
Doyle Brunson's Super System, authors: Doyle Brunson, Mike Caro, David  Reese, Joey Hawthorne, David Sklansky, Bobby Baldwin
Color Drawing: Design Drawing Skills and Techniques for Architects  Landscape Architects  and Interior Designers, authors: Michael E. Doyle
The Grail: A Year Ambling & Shambling Through an Oregon Vineyard in Pursuit of the Best Pinot Noir Wine in the Whole Wild World, authors: Brian  Doyle, Mary Miller Doyle
The Coming of the Fairies, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, John M. Lynch
Vampire Hunter D Volume 06: Pilgrimage of the Sacred and the Profane, authors: Hideyuki Kikuchi, Yoshitaka Amano
Vampire Hunter D Volume 05: The Stuff of Dreams, authors: Hideyuki Kikuchi, Yoshitaka Amano
Demon Deathchase (Vampire Hunter D  #3), authors: Hideyuki Kikuchi, Yoshitaka Amano
Vampire Hunter D Volume 04: Tale of the Dead Town, authors: Hideyuki Kikuchi, Yoshitaka Amano
Vampire Hunter D Volume 07: Mysterious Journey to the North Sea - Part One, authors: Hideyuki Kikuchi, Yoshitaka Amano
Coffin: The Art of Vampire Hunter D, authors: Yoshitaka Amano
Paradise Lost and Paradise Regained, authors: John Milton, Christopher Ricks, Susanne Woods
Paradise Lost, authors: John Milton, Merritt Y. Hughes, David Scott Kastan
Leviathan, authors: Thomas Hobbes, Edwin M. Curley
The Book of Leviathan, authors: Peter Blegvad
Democracy in America, authors: Alexis de Tocqueville, Isaac Kramnick, Gerald Bevan
Democracy in America, authors: Alexis de Tocqueville, Harvey Mansfield, Delba Winthrop
Magic Carpet Ride: The Autobiography of John Kay and Steppenwolf, authors: John     Kay, John Einarson
Steppenwolf Theatre Company : Twenty-Five Years of an Actor's Theater, authors: Victor Skrebneski
The Glass Bead Game, authors: Hermann Hesse, Richard Winston, Clara Winston, Theodore Ziolkowski
The Sorrows of Young Werther, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Burton Pike, Edla Valdna
The Sorrows of Young Werther and Selected Writings, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Catherine Hutter, Marcelle Clements
The Sorrows of Young Werther, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Nathan Haskell Dole, Thomas Carlyle, R. Dillon Boylan
The Dream Master, authors: Roger Zelazny
The Queen's Necklace, authors: Teresa Edgerton
Goblin Moon (The Goblin Moon Duology #1), authors: Teresa Edgerton
The Work of the Sun (The Green Lion Trilogy #3), authors: Teresa Edgerton
The Castle of  the Silver Wheel, authors: Teresa Edgerton
China and Japan (Myths and Legends), authors: Donald A. Mackenzie
A Madman Dreams of Turing Machines, authors: Janna Levin
Turing and the Universal Machine: The Making of the Modern Computer, authors: Jon Agar, Jon Turney
Ad Infinitum... The Ghost in Turing's Machine: Taking God Out of Mathematics and Putting the Body Back In. An Essay in Corporeal Semiotics, authors: Brian Rotman
Heart of Darkness, authors: Joseph Conrad
Rocket Ship Galileo (Heinlein's Juveniles  #1), authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Tunnel in the Sky (Heinlein's Juveniles  #9), authors: Robert A. Heinlein
The Cat Who Walks Through Walls (The World As Myth), authors: Robert A. Heinlein
The Fantasies of Robert A. Heinlein, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Citizen of the Galaxy, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
The Moon is a Harsh Mistress, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Roverandom, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Wayne G. Hammond, Christina Scull
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh, authors: Michael Chabon
Summerland, authors: Michael Chabon
The Yiddish Policemen's Union, authors: Michael Chabon
The Toy Maker: The Life and Times of Inventor Frank Hornby, authors: Anthony Mcreavy
The Disappointment Artist, authors: Jonathan Lethem
The Wall of the Sky  the Wall of the Eye, authors: Jonathan Lethem
You Don't Love Me Yet, authors: Jonathan Lethem
Gun  With Occasional Music, authors: Jonathan Lethem
As She Climbed Across the Table, authors: Jonathan Lethem
Living With the Passive-Aggressive Man, authors: Scott Wetzler
Cypress Gardens (Images of America: Florida), authors: Mary M. Flekke, Sarah E. MacDonald, Randall M. MacDonald
The Organized Student: Teaching Children the Skills for Success in School and Beyond, authors: Donna Goldberg, Jennifer Zwiebel
Beach Music, authors: Pat Conroy
Der Gesang Des Meeres. Beach Music, authors: Pat Conroy
The Prince of Tides, authors: Pat Conroy
Blessings, authors: Belva Plain
Seven Complete Perry Mason Novels - The Case Of: The Foot-Loose Doll / The Glamorous Ghost / The Long-Legged Models / The Lucky Loser  The Screaming Woman / The Terrified Typist / The Waylaid Wolf, authors: Erle Stanley Gardner
The Case of the Glamorous Ghost (Perry Mason), authors: Erle Stanley Gardner
The Case of the Half-Wakened Wife, authors: Erle Stanley Gardner
I Dreamed I Married Perry Mason (A Cece Caruso Mystery  #1), authors: Susan Kandel
The Case of the Terrified Typist (Perry Mason #49), authors: Erle Stanley Gardner
The Case of the Curious Bride (Perry Mason Mystery), authors: Erle Stanley Gardner
Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders, authors: Neil Gaiman
The Good Fairies of New York, authors: Martin Millar, Neil Gaiman
Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions, authors: Neil Gaiman
Death: The High Cost of Living, authors: Neil Gaiman, Chris Bachalo, Mark Buckingham, Tori Amos
Stardust, authors: Neil Gaiman
The Facts in the Case of the Departure of Miss Finch, authors: Neil Gaiman, Michael Zulli
The Diagnosis, authors: Alan Lightman
The Best American Science Writing 2002, authors: Matt Ridley, Jesse Cohen, Alan Lightman, Joseph D'Agnese
The Complete Poetry, authors: John Milton, John T. Shawcross
The Complete Poems and Major Prose, authors: John Milton, Merritt Y. Hughes
The Man and the Author: John Milton: Twentieth Century Perspectives, authors: J. Martin Evans
The Major Works, authors: John Milton, Jonathan Goldberg, Stephen Orgel
Christopher and His Kind, authors: Christopher Isherwood
The Condor And The Cows: A South American Travel Diary, authors: Christopher Isherwood, William Caskey, Jeffrey Meyers
A Single Man, authors: Christopher Isherwood
Christopher et son monde  1929-1939, authors: Christopher Isherwood
The Love of the Last Tycoon, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald
About This Life, authors: Barry  Lopez
Arctic Dreams, authors: Barry  Lopez
Field Notes: The Grace Note of the Canyon Wren, authors: Barry  Lopez
The Rediscovery of North America, authors: Barry  Lopez
Deadly Feasts: Tracking the Secrets of a Terrifying New Plague, authors: Richard Rhodes
How to Write: Advice and Reflections, authors: Richard Rhodes
John James Audubon, authors: Richard Rhodes
Masters of Death: The SS-Einsatzgruppen and the Invention of the Holocaust, authors: Richard Rhodes
A Hole in the World: An American Boyhood, authors: Richard Rhodes
The Crack-Up, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Edmund Wilson
Walden & Resistance to Civil Government (Critical Edition), authors: Owen  Thomas, William John Rossi, Henry David Thoreau, William Rossi
Collected Essays and Poems, authors: Henry David Thoreau, Elizabeth Hall Witherell
The Portable Thoreau, authors: Henry David Thoreau, Carl Bode
True Harvest: Readings From Henry David Thoreau For Every Day Of The Year, authors: Henry David Thoreau, Barry M. Andrews
Civil Disobedience and Other Essays, authors: Henry David Thoreau
Walden, authors: Henry David Thoreau
Interrupted Music: The Making of Tolkien's Mythology, authors: Verlyn Flieger
The Tolkien Fan's Medieval Reader, authors: David E. Smith, Verlyn Flieger, Turgon (=David E. Smith)
Touchy and Feely (Sissy Sawyer  #1), authors: Graham Masterton
Prey, authors: Graham Masterton
Hidden World, authors: Graham Masterton
The House That Jack Built, authors: Graham Masterton
The Riverside Milton, authors: John Milton, Roy C. Flannagan
How to Read a Poem, authors: Terry Eagleton
The Gatekeeper: A Memoir, authors: Terry Eagleton
The Ideology of the Aesthetic, authors: Terry Eagleton
Marxism and Literary Criticism, authors: Terry Eagleton
Children of God (The Sparrow  #2), authors: Mary Doria Russell
When the Lion Feeds (Courtney  #1), authors: Wilbur Smith
Birds of Prey (Courtney #9), authors: Wilbur Smith
Alberic the Wise, authors: Norton Juster, Leonard Baskin
The Hello  Goodbye Window, authors: Norton Juster, Chris Raschka
The Dot and the Line: A Romance in Lower Mathematics, authors: Norton Juster
Le Royaume fantôme, authors: Norton Juster
1632, authors: Eric Flint
Lützen 1632 : climax of the Thirty Years war, authors: Richard Brzezinski, Graham Turner
Marvels, authors: Kurt Busiek, Alex Ross
Marvels, authors: Kurt Busiek, Alex Ross
Superman: Back in Action, authors: Kurt Busiek, Fabian Nicieiza, Len Wein, Gerry Conway, Pete Woods, José Luis García-López
Spider-Man: Saga of the Sandman, authors: Stan Lee, Roy Thomas, Tom DeFalco, Kurt Busiek, Steve Ditko, Jack Kirby, Herb Trimpe, Ross Andru
Superman: Up  Up  and Away!, authors: Kurt Busiek, Geoff Johns, Pete Woods, Renato Guedes
Kingdom Come, authors: Mark Waid, Alex Ross, Elliot S. Maggin
Fantastic Four  Volume 2, authors: Mark Waid, Mike Wieringo, Howard Porter
The Flash: Dead Heat, authors: Mark Waid, Oscar Jimenez, Humberto Ramos, José Marzán Jr., Wayne Faucher
Fantastic Four  Volume 3, authors: Mark Waid, Mike Wieringo
Underworld Unleashed, authors: Mark Waid, Scott Peterson, Howard Porter, Dennis Janke, Phil Jimenez, J.H. Williams III, John Stokes, Mick Gray, Dan           Green
Fantastic Four  Vol 5: Disassembled, authors: Mark Waid, Paco Medina
Devilish, authors: Maureen Johnson
The Devilish Pleasures of a Duke (Boscastle  #6), authors: Jillian Hunter
A Devilish Dilemma, authors: Judith A. Lansdowne
Paranoid Park, authors: Blake Nelson
Notes on a Scandal, authors: Zoë Heller
13 Little Blue Envelopes (Little Blue Envelope  #1), authors: Maureen Johnson
My Ishmael (Ishmael  #3), authors: Daniel Quinn
Ishmael (Star Trek: The Original Series  #23), authors: Barbara Hambly
Mumbo Jumbo, authors: Ishmael Reed, Gérard H. Durand
Flatland, authors: Edwin A. Abbott, Rosemary Jann
Flatland, authors: Edwin A. Abbott, Ian Stewart
Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions, authors: Edwin A. Abbott
Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions, authors: Edwin A. Abbott
Flatterland, authors: Ian Stewart
American Government: Continuity and Change, authors: Karen  O'Connor, Larry J. Sabato
Essentials of American Government: Continuity and Change, authors: Karen  O'Connor, Larry J. Sabato
American Government: Continuity and Change  Texas Edition, authors: Karen  O'Connor, Larry J. Sabato
Stardust of Yesterday (de Piaget  #9; de Paiget/MacLeod  #1), authors: Lynn Kurland
Moonage Daydream: The Life & Times of Ziggy Stardust, authors: David Bowie, Mick Rock
From Sawdust to Stardust: The Biography of DeForest Kelley, authors: Terry Lee Rioux
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (Hitchhiker's Guide  #1), authors: Douglas Adams
Coraline, authors: Neil Gaiman, Dave McKean
Jurassic Park Institute Dinosaur Field Guide, authors: Michael K. Brett-Surman, Thomas R. Holtz Jr., Bob Walters
Lost World of Agharti: The Mystery of Vril Power, authors: Alec MacLellan
I Am the Blues: The Willie Dixon Story, authors: Willie Dixon, Don Snowden
Isaac Newton, authors: James Gleick
Things Fall Apart: An Adapted Classic, authors: Chinua Achebe
The Stranger, authors: Albert Camus, Stuart Gilbert
Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years, authors: Emily Mann, Sarah L. Delany, A. Elizabeth Delany, Amy Hill Hearth
Retrospective  1964-1984, authors: H.R. Giger, Kathi Christen, Adrienne Theimer, Ernst  Fuchs
Handmaid's Tale, authors: Margaret Atwood
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich, authors: Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, H.T. Willetts
The Two-Mile Time Machine: Ice Cores  Abrupt Climate Change  and Our Future, authors: Richard B. Alley
Collected Essays: Notes of a Native Son / Nobody Knows My Name / The Fire Next Time / No Name in the Street / The Devil Finds Work / Other Essays, authors: James Baldwin, Toni Morrison
Love and Louis XIV: The Women in the Life of the Sun King, authors: Antonia Fraser
My Ántonia (Great Plains Trilogy  #3), authors: Willa Cather
Marie Antoinette: The Journey, authors: Antonia Fraser
My Antonia (Great Plains trilogy #3), authors: Willa Cather, Alyssa  Harad
The Bush Agenda: Invading the World  One Economy at a Time, authors: Antonia Juhasz
Marie Antoinette: The Journey, authors: Antonia Fraser
Don Quixote: The Ormsby Translation  Revised  Backgrounds and Sources  Criticism, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, John Ormsby
A Tale of Two Cities, authors: Charles Dickens, Gillen D'Arcy Wood
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water, authors: Michael Dorris
The Sound and the Fury, authors: William Faulkner
The Sound and the Fury: An Authoritative Text  Backgrounds and Contexts  Criticism, authors: William Faulkner, David Minter, Noel Polk, Ben Wasson, C. Vann Woodward, Robert Penn Warren, Richard H. King, Jean-Paul Sartre, Irving Howe, Ralph Ellison
The Sound and the Fury, authors: William Faulkner, Grover Gardner
CliffsNotes on Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury (Cliffs Notes), authors: James Lamar Roberts, William Faulkner, CliffsNotes
The Invisible Man, authors: H.G. Wells
The Invisible Man, authors: H.G. Wells
Invisible Man, authors: Ralph Ellison
The Invisible Man, authors: H.G. Wells, Christopher Priest
To Sail Beyond the Sunset, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
The Friday Night Knitting Club (Friday Night Knitting Club  #1), authors: Kate Jacobs
Lady Friday (The Keys to the Kingdom  #5), authors: Garth Nix
Friday, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Starship Troopers, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Starship Troopers, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Starship Troopers, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
The Diamond Color Meditation: Color Pathway to the Soul, authors: John  Diamond
Zodiac, authors: Neal Stephenson, Jean-Pierre Pugi
Sirens and Sea Monsters (Tales from the Odyssey #3), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Homer, Troy Howell
The Scarlet Letter, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne
Dracula, authors: Bram Stoker, Jan Needle, Gary Blythe
Dracula, authors: Bram Stoker, Joseph Valente
Dracula, authors: Bram Stoker, Robert Whitfield
The Bram Stoker Bedside Companion: 10 Stories by the Author of Dracula, authors: Bram Stoker, Charles Osborne
Dracula, authors: Bram Stoker, Nina Auerbach, David J. Skal
Macbeth, authors: William Shakespeare, Paul Werstine, Barbara A. Mowat
Macbeth (No Fear Shakespeare), authors: William Shakespeare, SparkNotes, John Crowther
Death of a Dreamer (Hamish Macbeth  #22), authors: M.C. Beaton
The Crucible, authors: Arthur  Miller, Christopher Bigsby
Crucible of War: The Seven Years' War and the Fate of Empire in British North America  1754 - 1766, authors: Fred Anderson
Spock: The Fire and the Rose (Star Trek: Crucible  #2), authors: David R. George III
McCoy: The Provenance Of Shadows (Star Trek: Crucible  #1), authors: David R. George III
Kirk: The Star to Every Wandering (Star Trek: Crucible  #3), authors: David R. George III
Mr Tompkins in Paperback (Canto), authors: George Gamow, Roger Penrose
Thirty Years that Shook Physics: The Story of Quantum Theory, authors: George Gamow
The Great Divorce, authors: C.S. Lewis
The Metaphysics of Star Trek, authors: Richard Hanley
The Very Best of the Feynman Lectures, authors: Richard P. Feynman
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 3-4, authors: Richard P. Feynman
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 7-8, authors: Richard P. Feynman
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 5-6, authors: Richard P. Feynman
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vol 3, authors: Richard P. Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, Matthew L. Sands
Galactic Goodnight (Disney's Little Einsteins), authors: Susan Ring, Kirk Albert Etienne
What Einstein Told His Cook: Kitchen Science Explained, authors: Robert L. Wolke, Marlene Parrish
Mission: Where's June? (Disney's Little Einstein), authors: Susan Ring, Kirk Albert Etienne, Kirk Etienne Albert, Michael James Luzzi
Babies (Baby Einstein), authors: Julie Aigner-Clark
Butterfly Suits (Disney's Little Einsteins), authors: Marcy Kelman, Nadeem Zaidi, Andy Mastrocinque
Birthday Machine (Disney's Little Einsteins Early Reader), authors: Susan Ring, Anna Okabe
Music of the Meadow (Little Einsteins Early Reader), authors: Susan Ring, Kelly Preston, Katie Nix
1912 Manuscript on the Special Theory of Relativity, authors: Albert Einstein, Hanoch Gutfreund
Piercing the Darkness (Darkness  #2), authors: Frank E. Peretti
This Present Darkness (Darkness  #1), authors: Frank E. Peretti
The Oath, authors: Frank E. Peretti
Oath of Swords (War God  #1), authors: David Weber
Oath of Gold (The Deed of Paksenarrion  #3), authors: Elizabeth Moon
The Oath (Dismas Hardy  #8), authors: John Lescroart
Wind Rider's Oath (War God  #3), authors: David Weber
A Visitation of Spirits, authors: Randall Kenan
Open My Eyes  Lord: A Practical Guide to Angelic Visitations and Heavenly Experiences, authors: Gary Oates, Robert Paul Lamb, Randy Clark
The Complete C.S. Lewis Signature Classics, authors: C.S. Lewis
The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis  Volume 3: Narnia  Cambridge  and Joy  1950 - 1963, authors: C.S. Lewis, Walter Hooper
Till We Have Faces: A Myth Retold, authors: C.S. Lewis, Nadia May
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark, authors: Carl Sagan, Ann Druyan
Stephen Hawking's a Brief History of Time: A Reader's Companion, authors: Stephen Hawking, Gene  Stone
The Illustrated A Brief History of Time, authors: Stephen Hawking
Brevísima historia del tiempo, authors: Stephen Hawking, Leonard Mlodinow, David Jou i Mirabent
A First Course in String Theory, authors: Barton Zwiebach
Black Holes & Time Warps: Einstein's Outrageous Legacy, authors: Kip S. Thorne, Stephen Hawking, Frederick Seitz
Surely You're Joking  Mr. Feynman!, authors: Richard P. Feynman
Surely You're Joking  Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character, authors: Richard P. Feynman, Raymond Todd
The Meaning of It All: Thoughts of a Citizen-Scientist, authors: Richard P. Feynman
Amor Y Respeto/love And Respect: El Respeto Que El Desesperadamente Necesita/ The Love She Most Desires And The Respect He Desperately Needs, authors: Emerson Eggerichs
Chemistry: The Central Science, authors: Theodore L. Brown, H. Eugene LeMay Jr., Bruce E. Bursten
Introduction to Linear Algebra and Differential Equations, authors: John W. Dettman
Physics for Scientists and Engineers, authors: Douglas C. Giancoli
Physics: for Scientists and Engineers with Modern Physics, authors: Paul M. Fishbane, Stephen Gasiorowicz, Stephen T. Thornton
Misty of Chincoteague (Misty  #1), authors: Marguerite Henry, Wesley Dennis
Black Beauty, authors: Anna Sewell, Scott McKowen
Black Beauty (Coloring Book), authors: Anna Sewell, John         Green
Five on a Treasure Island (Famous Five  #1), authors: Enid Blyton
The Secret Seven (The Secret Seven  #1), authors: Enid Blyton
The Circus of Adventure, authors: Enid Blyton
La gata perdida = The Missing Cat (Las Aventuras de Nicolas = Adventures with Nicholas), authors: Chris L. Demarest, Berlitz Publishing Company
La Chatte Perdue = The Missing Cat (Les Aventures avec Nicolas = Adventures with Nicholas), authors: Chris L. Demarest
The Mystery of the Missing Cat, authors: Gertrude Chandler Warner, Charles Tang
Die Verschwundene Katze = The Missing Cat, authors: Chris L. Demarest
The Trolley Car Family, authors: Eleanor Clymer, Ursula Koering
Rose in Bloom (Eight Cousins  #2), authors: Louisa May Alcott
The Quiet Little Woman: A Christmas Story, authors: Louisa May Alcott, C. Michael Dudash, Stephen W. Hines
Louisa May Alcott on Race  Sex  and Slavery, authors: Louisa May Alcott, Sarah Elbert
An Old-Fashioned Thanksgiving, authors: Louisa May Alcott, James Bernardin
Moods, authors: Louisa May Alcott
The Girlhood Diary of Louisa May Alcott  1843-1846: Writings of a Young Author, authors: Louisa May Alcott, Kerry A. Graves
These Happy Golden Years (Little House  #8), authors: Laura Ingalls Wilder, Garth Williams
Pioneer Girl: The Story of Laura Ingalls Wilder, authors: William   Anderson, Dan Andreasen
The Norton Anthology of Short Fiction, authors: Richard Bausch
Red  White  and Black: The Peoples of Early North America, authors: Gary B. Nash
Homemade Love, authors: bell hooks, Shane W. Evans
The Will to Change: Men  Masculinity  and Love, authors: bell hooks
Killing Rage: Ending Racism, authors: bell hooks
Where We Stand: Class Matters, authors: bell hooks
All About Love: New Visions, authors: bell hooks
Everybody Was Kung Fu Fighting: Afro-Asian Connections and the Myth of Cultural Purity, authors: Vijay Prashad
The Darker Nations: A People's History of the Third World, authors: Vijay Prashad, Howard Zinn
The Karma Of Brown Folk, authors: Vijay Prashad
The Negro, authors: W.E.B. Du Bois, Robert Gregg
Democracy Matters: Winning the Fight Against Imperialism, authors: Cornel West
Tyranny of the Majority: Fundamental Fairness in Representative Democracy, authors: Lani Guinier, Stephen L. Carter
More Readings From One Man's Wilderness: The Journals of Richard L. Proenneke  1974-1980, authors: Richard Proenneke, John Branson
The Guardship (Thomas Marlowe  #1), authors: James L. Nelson
Before We Were Free, authors: Julia Alvarez
Moral Disorder and Other Stories, authors: Margaret Atwood
The Penelopiad, authors: Margaret Atwood, Laurel Merlington
The Tent, authors: Margaret Atwood
The Robber Bride, authors: Margaret Atwood
The Moth Diaries, authors: Rachel Klein
Trauma, authors: Graham Masterton
Liars and Saints, authors: Maile Meloy
The Anthropology of Turquoise: Reflections on Desert  Sea  Stone  and Sky, authors: Ellen Meloy
Eating Stone: Imagination and the Loss of the Wild, authors: Ellen Meloy
Writing the Qualitative Dissertation: Understanding by Doing, authors: Judith M. Meloy
The Dead Beat: Lost Souls  Lucky Stiffs  and the Perverse Pleasures of Obituaries, authors: Marilyn Johnson
Dead Beat (The Dresden Files  #7), authors: Jim Butcher
Diaries  1910-1923, authors: Franz Kafka, Max Brod, Joseph Kresh, Martin Greenberg
The Metamorphosis, authors: Franz Kafka
The Metamorphosis  In the Penal Colony  and Other Stories: The Great Short Works of Franz Kafka, authors: Franz Kafka
The Trial, authors: Franz Kafka, Max Brod, Willa Muir, Edwin Muir
Franz Kafka: The Complete Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Nabum N. Glazer, John Updike
The Trial, authors: Franz Kafka, Breon Mitchell, Arthur H. Samuelson
The Zürau Aphorisms, authors: Franz Kafka, Michael Hofmann, Geoffrey Brock, Roberto Calasso
Collected Shorter Fiction: Volume I, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Aylmer Maude, Nigel J. Cooper
The Cossacks, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Peter Constantine, Cynthia Ozick
More Adventures of the Great Brain (Great Brain  #2), authors: John D. Fitzgerald, Mercer Mayer
The Dirt: Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band, authors: Neil Strauss, Vince Neil, Nikki Sixx, Tommy Lee, Mick Mars
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  #1), authors: Douglas Adams
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass, authors: Lewis Carroll, John Tenniel
The Awakening, authors: Kate Chopin, Margo Culley
Go Down  Moses, authors: William Faulkner
The Books of Magic, authors: Neil Gaiman, John Bolton, Scott Hampton, Charles Vess, Paul Johnson, Roger Zelazny
The House of Mirth, authors: Edith Wharton, Nina Bawden
House of Mirth, authors: Edith Wharton
The House of Mirth, authors: Edith Wharton, Jeffrey Meyers
Light (Kefahuchi Tract  #1), authors: M. John Harrison
Beautiful Evidence, authors: Edward R. Tufte
The Cognitive Style of PowerPoint: Pitching Out Corrupts Within, authors: Edward R. Tufte
Hafen des Unglücks (Aubrey/Maturin Book 11), authors: Patrick O'Brian
Manöver um Feuerland (The Far Side of the World) (Aubrey/Maturin Book 10), authors: Patrick O'Brian
Master and Commander (Aubrey/Maturin Book 1), authors: Patrick O'Brian
Post Captain (Aubrey/Maturin Book 2), authors: Patrick O'Brian
Gefahr im Roten Meer (Treason's Harbour) (Aubrey/Maturin Book 9), authors: Patrick O'Brian
In the Heart of the Sea: The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex, authors: Nathaniel Philbrick
Heart of the Sea (Gallaghers of Ardmore  #3), authors: Nora Roberts
Corazón de mar (Gallagher  #3), authors: Nora Roberts, Juan Larrea
Banvard's Folly: Thirteen Tales of People Who Didn't Change the World, authors: Paul  Collins
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science, authors: Martin Gardner
South of the Border  West of the Sun, authors: Haruki Murakami, Philip Gabriel
Dance Dance Dance, authors: Haruki Murakami
After Dark, authors: Haruki Murakami, Jay Rubin
Vintage Murakami, authors: Haruki Murakami
Gravitation #2, authors: Maki Murakami
The Master and Margarita, authors: Mikhail Bulgakov, Michael Karpelson
Bulgakov's the Master and Margarita: The Text as a Cipher, authors: Elena N. Mahlow
Мастер и Маргарита, authors: Mikhail Bulgakov, Михаил Булгаков
Foucault's Pendulum, authors: Umberto Eco, William Weaver
Pendulum: Leon Foucault and the Triumph of Science, authors: Amir D. Aczel
The House of Mirth, authors: Edith Wharton, Jeffrey Meyers
The House of Mirth, authors: Edith Wharton, R.W.B. Lewis
The Family Trade (The Merchant Princes  #1), authors: Charles Stross
Toast  and Other Stories, authors: Charles Stross
Accelerando, authors: Charles Stross
Glasshouse, authors: Charles Stross
The Hidden Family (The Merchant Princes  #2), authors: Charles Stross
Lobsters, authors: Charles Stross, Shandra Marie, Jared Doreck
Antibodies, authors: Charles Stross, Shandra Marie, Jared Doreck
Notes from Underground  White Nights  The Dream of a Ridiculous Man  and Selections from The House of the Dead, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Andrew R. MacAndrew, Ben Marcus
The House of the Dead, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Ergin Altay
The Village of Stepanchikovo, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Ignat Avsey
Crime and Punishment, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Larissa Volokhonsky, Richard Pevear
The Gambler, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Jonathan Franzen
Notes from Underground & The Double, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Jessie Coulson
Notes from Underground & A Confession (Everyman's Library), authors: A.D.P. Briggs, Leo Tolstoy, Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Gambler/Bobok/A Nasty Story, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Jessie Coulson
The Idiot, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Constance Garnett
Netochka Nezvanova, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Jane Kentish
Plays 5: Arcadia / The Real Thing / Night and Day / Indian Ink / Hapgood, authors: Tom Stoppard
Rock 'n' Roll, authors: Tom Stoppard
The Real Thing, authors: Tom Stoppard
Arcadia, authors: Tom Stoppard
Plays 1: The Real Inspector Hound / After Magritte / Dirty Linen / New-Found-Land / Dogg's Hamlet  Cahoot's Macbeth, authors: Tom Stoppard
Every Good Boy Deserves Favor & Professional Foul, authors: Tom Stoppard
Lord Malquist and Mr. Moon, authors: Tom Stoppard
The Gunslinger (The Dark Tower #1), authors: Stephen King
Everything and Nothing, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Eliot Weinberger, John M. Fein, James E. Irby, Donald A. Yates
Seven Nights, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Eliot Weinberger
Museo: Textos Ineditos, authors: Adolfo Bioy Casares
Obra Poética, authors: Jorge Luis Borges
Collected Fictions, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Andrew Hurley
The Eternal Frontier: An Ecological History of North America and Its Peoples, authors: Tim Flannery
Hope Springs Eternal (Prairie River  #4), authors: Kristiana Gregory
The Ancestor's Tale: A Pilgrimage to the Dawn of Evolution, authors: Richard Dawkins
The Reverse of the Medal (Aubrey & Maturin #11), authors: Patrick O'Brian
The Reverse of the Medal (Aubrey/Maturin  #11), authors: Patrick O'Brian, Simon Vance
Teleny or the Reverse of the Medal, authors: Oscar Wilde
The Code Book: The Science of Secrecy from Ancient Egypt to Quantum Cryptography, authors: Simon Singh
The Eternity Code (Artemis Fowl  #3), authors: Eoin Colfer
How I Became a Pirate, authors: Melinda Long, David Shannon
The Pirate Dictionary, authors: Terry Breverton
Mulliner Nights (Mr. Mulliner  #3), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Life at Blandings, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Jill the Reckless, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Code of the Woosters: Jeeves to the Rescue, authors: P.G. Wodehouse, Jonathan Cecil
P.G. Wodehouse in His Own Words, authors: P.G. Wodehouse, Tony Ring, Barry Day
Jeeves and the Mating Season (Jeeves  #9), authors: P.G. Wodehouse, Jonathan Cecil
Something Fresh (Blandings Castle  #1), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Clicking of Cuthbert, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Ring for Jeeves (Jeeves  #10), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Ukridge, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Jeeves and the Tie That Binds (Jeeves  #14), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Right Ho  Jeeves (Jeeves  #6), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Blandings Castle (Blandings Castle  #3), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Mr. Mulliner Speaking, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Laughing Gas, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Adventures of Sally, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Meet Mr. Mulliner, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Eggs  Beans  and Crumpets, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
A Damsel in Distress, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Uncle Fred in the Springtime (Blandings Castle  #6), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Best of Wodehouse: An Anthology, authors: P.G. Wodehouse, John Mortimer
The World of Mr. Mulliner, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Cocktail Time, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Waste Lands (The Dark Tower #3), authors: Stephen King, Ned Dameron
Jeeves in the Offing (Jeeves  #12), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Jeeves and The Feudal Spirit (Jeeves  #11), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Piccadilly Jim, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Joy in the Morning (Jeeves  #8), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Mating Season (Jeeves  #9), authors: P.G. Wodehouse
Indiscretions of Archie, authors: P.G. Wodehouse
The Subtle Knife (His Dark Materials  #2), authors: Philip Pullman
The Amber Spyglass  (His Dark Materials  #3), authors: Philip Pullman
The Eyes of the Dragon, authors: Stephen King, David Palladini
The Voyage of the “Dawn Treader” (The Chronicles of Narnia  #3), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes
Lolita, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, John Ray Jr.
William Shakespeare’s: Twelfth Night (Shakespeare Retellings  #6), authors: Bruce Coville, Kathryn Hewitt
Romeo and Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, Paul Werstine, Barbara A. Mowat
Romeo and Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, Rex Gibson
Romeo and Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, Michael Sheen, Kate Beckinsale, Fiona  Shaw, Norman Rodway
Ohio Class (Silent Service #5), authors: H. Jay Riker
Seawolf Class (Silent Service #3), authors: H. Jay Riker
The Art of Deception: Controlling the Human Element of Security, authors: Kevin D. Mitnick, William L. Simon, Steve Wozniak
Hardball: Are You Playing to Play or Playing to Win?, authors: George Stalk Jr., Rob Lachenauer, Robert Lachenauer, John  Butman
A Theory of Fun for Game Design, authors: Raph Koster, Will Wright
The Complete Theory Fun Factory: Music Theory Puzzles and Games for the Early Grades, authors: Ian        Martin, Katie Elliott
The Pillow Book, authors: Sei Shōnagon, Ivan Morris
Bachelor Brothers' Bed & Breakfast Pillow Book, authors: Bill Richardson
The Cyberiad, authors: Stanisław Lem, Michael Kandel, Daniel Mróz
Christianity for Modern Pagans: Pascal's Pensées - Edited  Outlined & Explained, authors: Peter Kreeft, Blaise Pascal
Jacques the Fatalist, authors: Denis Diderot, David Coward
Jacques der Fatalist und sein Herr, authors: Denis Diderot
Pictorial Encyclopedia of Trades and Industry  Vol 1, authors: Denis Diderot, Charles Coulston Gillispie
Rameau's Nephew / D'Alembert's Dream, authors: Denis Diderot, Leonard Tancock
Theory of Colours, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Deane B. Judd
Maxims and Reflections, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Peter Hutchinson, Elisabeth Stopp
War and Peace, authors: Leo Tolstoy
War and Peace, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Anthony Briggs, Orlando Figes
A Savage War of Peace: Algeria  1954-1962, authors: Alistair Horne
War and Peace, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Constance Garnett, A.N. Wilson
War and Peace, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Orlando Figes, Anthony Briggs
War and Peace and War: The Rise and Fall of Empires, authors: Peter Turchin
Great Expectations, authors: Charles Dickens
Great Expectations, authors: Charles Dickens, Linda Jennings
Oliver Twist, authors: Charles Dickens
Oliver Twist, authors: Charles Dickens, Fred Kaplan
Oliver Twist, authors: Charles Dickens, George Cruikshank, Jill Muller
The Nibelungenlied, authors: Unknown, A.T. Hatto
Gargantua and Pantagruel, authors: François Rabelais, Thomas Urquhart, Pierre Le Motteux
Gargantua and Pantagruel, authors: François Rabelais, M.A. Screech
Beyond Good and Evil: Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Walter Kaufmann
Phenomenology of Perception, authors: Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Colin Smith
Introduction to Phenomenology, authors: Dermot Moran
Introduction to Phenomenology, authors: Robert Sokolowski
The Basic Problems of Phenomenology (Studies in Phenomenology & Existential Philosophy), authors: Martin Heidegger, Albert Hofstadter
The Phenomenology of Mind  Volume II, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, James Black Baillie
Experimental Phenomenology: An Introduction, authors: Don Ihde
Critique of Pure Reason, authors: Immanuel Kant, J.M.D. Meiklejohn
Critique of Pure Reason, authors: Immanuel Kant, Paul Guyer, Allen W. Wood
Critique of Pure Reason, authors: Immanuel Kant, Werner S. Pluhar, Patricia Kitcher, James W. Ellington
Critique of Pure Reason, authors: Immanuel Kant, Marcus Weigelt, F. Max Müller
Critique of Pure Reason (Studies in the History of Philosophy), authors: Immanuel Kant, Humphrey Palmer
The Anime Encyclopedia: A Guide to Japanese Animation Since 1917, authors: Jonathan Clements, Helen McCarthy
Unpublished Writings from the Period of Unfashionable Observations (Complete Works 11), authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Richard T. Gray
Thus Spake Zarathustra: A Book for All and None, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche
The Picture of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde
The Picture of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde
Haussmann  or the Distinction, authors: Paul La Farge
The Artist of the Missing, authors: Paul La Farge, Stephen Alcorn
Reluctant Runaway (To Catch a Thief #2), authors: Jill Elizabeth Nelson
Kentucky Straight: Stories, authors: Chris Offutt
Out of the Woods, authors: Chris Offutt
No Heroes: A Memoir of Coming Home, authors: Chris Offutt
The Castle Keeps, authors: Andrew J. Offutt
Conan: Sword of Skelos, authors: Andrew J. Offutt
Incest: From "A Journal of Love": The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin  1932-1934, authors: Anaïs Nin, Rupert Pole, Gunther Stuhlmann
Fire: From "A Journal of Love": The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin  1934-1937, authors: Anaïs Nin
In Favor of the Sensitive Man and Other Essays, authors: Anaïs Nin
Anaïs Nin: A Biography, authors: Deirdre Bair
Fire: From A Journal of Love - The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin (1934-1937), authors: Anaïs Nin, Gunther Stuhlmann
The Diary of Anaïs Nin  Vol. 6: 1955-1966, authors: Anaïs Nin, Gunther Stuhlmann
Nearer the Moon: From "A Journal of Love": The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin  1937-1939, authors: Anaïs Nin, Gunther Stuhlmann
The Early Diary of Anaïs Nin  Vol. 3: 1923-1927, authors: Anaïs Nin
Henry and June: From the Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin, authors: Anaïs Nin
Flowers for Algernon, authors: Daniel Keyes
Flowers for Algernon, authors: Daniel Keyes
Algernon  Charlie  and I: A Writer's Journey: Plus the Complete Original Short Novelette Version of Flowers for Algernon, authors: Daniel Keyes
Jane Eyre, authors: Charlotte Brontë
The Death of Ivan Ilyich and Other Stories, authors: Leo Tolstoy
The Death of Ivan Ilych & Other Stories, authors: Leo Tolstoy
The Lost Years of Merlin, authors: T.A. Barron
The Mirror of Merlin, authors: T.A. Barron
The Wings of Merlin, authors: T.A. Barron
El Club Dante, authors: Matthew Pearl, Vicente Villacampa
El club Dante, authors: Matthew Pearl, Vicente Villacampa
Gone with the Wind, authors: Margaret Mitchell
The Wind Done Gone, authors: Alice Randall
Utopia, authors: Thomas More, Clarence H. Miller
Utopia, authors: Thomas More, Paul Turner
The Kissing Hand, authors: Audrey Penn, Ruth E. Harper, Nancy M. Leak
Hands of Light: A Guide to Healing Through the Human Energy Field, authors: Barbara Ann Brennan, Jos. A. Smith
Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story, authors: Ben Carson, Cecil Murphey
Shake Hands with the Devil, authors: Roméo Dallaire
In the Name of Love and Other True Cases (Crime Files  #4), authors: Ann Rule
The Rule of Four, authors: Ian Caldwell, Dustin Thomason
The Real Rule of Four: The Unauthorized Guide to the New York Times #1 Bestseller, authors: Joscelyn Godwin
Time For Kids: Butterflies!, authors: David Bjerklie
Macbeth, authors: William Shakespeare, Robert S. Miola, Janet Adelman, Stephen Orgel, Peter Holland
Macbeth, authors: William Shakespeare, Kenneth Muir
Macbeth, authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill
Death of a Celebrity (Hamish Macbeth  #17), authors: M.C. Beaton
The Best of the Journal of Irreproducible Results, authors: George H. Scherr, Richard Liebmann-Smith
The Spy Who Loved Me (James Bond  #10), authors: Ian Fleming
Conversations with Jerzy Kosinski, authors: Jerzy Kosiński, Tom Teicholz
Frankenstein Makes a Sandwich, authors: Adam Rex
Frankenstein  or the Modern Prometheus, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Margaret Brantley
Frankenstein, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, J. Paul Hunter
Mary Shelley: Her Life  Her Fiction  Her Monsters, authors: Anne K. Mellor
The Faerie Queene: Books I to III, authors: Edmund Spenser, Douglas Brooks-Davies
The Faerie Queene, authors: Edmund Spenser
To the Lighthouse, authors: Virginia Woolf, Eudora Welty
The Diary of Virginia Woolf  Volume One: 1915-1919, authors: Virginia Woolf, Anne Olivier Bell, Quentin Bell
The Diary of Virginia Woolf  Volume Five: 1936-1941, authors: Virginia Woolf, Anne Olivier Bell, Andrew McNeillie
The Diary of Virginia Woolf  Volume Three: 1925-1930, authors: Virginia Woolf, Anne Olivier Bell, Andrew McNeillie
A Room of One's Own, authors: Virginia Woolf
Dr. Faustus, authors: Christopher Marlowe
The Complete Plays, authors: Christopher Marlowe, Robert Lindsey, Frank Romany
Doctor Faustus and Other Plays, authors: Christopher Marlowe, Eric Rasmussen, David Bevington
Cyrano de Bergerac, authors: Edmond Rostand, Brian Hooker, Walter Hampden
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead, authors: Tom Stoppard
King Lear, authors: William Shakespeare, Stanley Wells
King Lear  Macbeth  Indefinition  and Tragedy, authors: Stephen  Booth
A Break with Charity: A Story about the Salem Witch Trials, authors: Ann Rinaldi
A Break With Charity: A Story of the Salem Witch Trials, authors: Ann Rinaldi
The Cay (The Cay  #1), authors: Theodore Taylor
The Queen of Whale Cay: The Eccentric Story of 'Joe' Carstairs  Fastest Woman on Water, authors: Kate Summerscale, Joe Carstairs
Everest: Mountain Without Mercy, authors: Broughton Coburn, David Breashears, Tim Cahill
The Summit (Everest  #3), authors: Gordon Korman
Everest: Expedition to the Ultimate, authors: Reinhold Messner
Everything on a Waffle (Coal Harbour #1), authors: Polly Horvath
Summer of my German Soldier, authors: Bette Greene
Hamlet (Oxford Bookworms Library: Stage 2), authors: Alistair McCallum, William Shakespeare
By Myself and Then Some, authors: Lauren Bacall
Touching the Void: The True Story of One Man's Miraculous Survival, authors: Joe Simpson
The Mercy of Thin Air, authors: Ronlyn Domingue
Thin Air (Spenser  #22), authors: Robert B. Parker, David Dukes
Princess Sultana's Daughters, authors: Jean Sasson
The State of the Art, authors: Iain M. Banks
Excession (Culture  #5), authors: Iain M. Banks
The Player of Games (Culture  #2), authors: Iain M. Banks
Feersum Endjinn, authors: Iain M. Banks
Use of Weapons, authors: Iain M. Banks
Le Sens du vent, authors: Iain M. Banks
Two Girls  Fat and Thin, authors: Mary Gaitskill
Three Novels & Five Short Stories, authors: Daphne du Maurier
Galileo's Daughter: A Historical Memoir of Science  Faith and Love, authors: Dava Sobel
Galileo's Daughter, authors: Dava Sobel
Shop in the Name of Love (The Cheetah Girls #2), authors: Deborah Gregory, Paul Mantell
Shopgirl, authors: Steve Martin
The Secret Garden: Talking Beetles and Signaling Trees: The Hidden Ways Gardens Communicate, authors: David Bodanis
E=mc2: A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation, authors: David Bodanis, Ralph L. Fowler
The Botany of Desire: A Plant's Eye View of the World, authors: Michael Pollan
Meeting God at Every Turn, authors: Catherine Marshall
My Life, authors: Bill Clinton
My Life  Volume I: The Early Years, authors: Bill Clinton
Murder on the Yellow Brick Road (Toby Peters  #2), authors: Stuart M. Kaminsky
Down the Yellow Brick Road:The Making of The Wizard of Oz, authors: Doug McClelland, Ted Sennett
Alentejo Blue, authors: Monica Ali
Brick Lane, authors: Monica Ali
No Ordinary Time: Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt: The Home Front in World War II, authors: Doris Kearns Goodwin
Going to Pieces Without Falling Apart: A Buddhist Perspective on Wholeness, authors: Mark Epstein, Charlie Conrad
One More For The Road, authors: Ray Bradbury
Female Chauvinist Pigs: Women and the Rise of Raunch Culture, authors: Ariel Levy
Half of a Yellow Sun, authors: Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
Beauty's Punishment (Sleeping Beauty  #2), authors: A.N. Roquelaure, Anne Rice
The World's Last Night: And Other Essays, authors: C.S. Lewis
Last Night: Stories, authors: James Salter
The Last Night of Ballyhoo, authors: Alfred Uhry
Civilization and Its Discontents, authors: Sigmund Freud, Louis Menand
Civilization and Its Discontents, authors: Sigmund Freud, James Strachey
I  Claudius (Claudius  #1), authors: Robert Graves
The Modern Mind: An Intellectual History of the 20th Century, authors: Peter Watson
Origins of the Modern Mind: Three Stages in the Evolution of Culture and Cognition, authors: Merlin Donald
Beyond the Post-Modern Mind: The Place of Meaning in a Global Civilization, authors: Huston Smith
Sanctuary, authors: William Faulkner
The Portable Faulkner, authors: William Faulkner, Malcolm Cowley
One Matchless Time: A Life of William Faulkner, authors: Jay Parini
The Guermantes Way (In Search of Lost Time  #3), authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Terence Kilmartin, D.J. Enright
The Guermantes Way  (In Search of Lost Time  #3), authors: Marcel Proust, Mark Treharne, Christopher Prendergast
Sodom and Gomorrah (In Search of Lost Time  #4), authors: Marcel Proust, Christopher Prendergast, John Sturrock
In Search of Lost Time  Vol. 2: Within a Budding Grove  Part 2 & The Guermantes' Way, authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Terence Kilmartin
The Captive & The Fugitive (In Search of Lost Time  #5-6), authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Terence Kilmartin, D.J. Enright
Finding Time Again (In Search of Lost Time #7), authors: Marcel Proust, Ian Patterson, Christopher Prendergast
The Way by Swann’s  (In Search of Lost Time #1), authors: Marcel Proust, Lydia Davis, Christopher Prendergast
Dostoevsky: The Mantle of the Prophet  1871-1881, authors: Joseph Frank
Dostoevsky, authors: Richard Freeborn
Dostoevsky: The Stir of Liberation  1860-1865, authors: Joseph Frank
Dostoevsky  Kierkegaard  Nietzsche and Kafka, authors: William Hubben
Problems of Dostoevsky's Poetics, authors: Mikhail Bakhtin, Caryl Emerson
Dostoevsky: The Years of Ordeal  1850-1859, authors: Joseph Frank
The Possessed, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Constance Garnett, Elizabeth Dalton
The Idiot, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Constance Garnett, Joseph Frank
Money, authors: Martin Amis
House of Meetings, authors: Martin Amis
The Rachel Papers, authors: Martin Amis
Yellow Dog, authors: Martin Amis
Success, authors: Martin Amis
Koba the Dread: Laughter and the Twenty Million, authors: Martin Amis
Dead Babies, authors: Martin Amis
Beginning Again: An Autobiography of The Years 1911 to 1918, authors: Leonard Woolf
Virginia Woolf: A Biography, authors: Quentin Bell
Cliffs Notes on Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway, authors: Gary K. Carey
Orlando, authors: Virginia Woolf
The Common Reader, authors: Virginia Woolf, Andrew McNeillie
A Room of One's Own, authors: Virginia Woolf, Mark Hussey, Susan Gubar
Women and Writing, authors: Virginia Woolf, Michèle Barrett
Flush, authors: Virginia Woolf, Trekkie Ritchie
Virginia Woolf, authors: Hermione Lee
The Letters of Virginia Woolf: Volume Six  1936-1941, authors: Virginia Woolf, Nigel Nicolson, Joanne Trautmann
On Being Ill, authors: Virginia Woolf, Hermione Lee
The Years, authors: Virginia Woolf
The Letters of Virginia Woolf: Volume Four  1929-1931, authors: Virginia Woolf, Nigel Nicolson, Joanne Trautmann
Three Guineas, authors: Virginia Woolf, Mark Hussey, Jane Marcus
The Little Red Lighthouse and the Great Gray Bridge, authors: Hildegarde Hoyt Swift, Lynd Ward
The Eagle (The Lighthouse Family  #3), authors: Cynthia Rylant, Preston McDaniels
The Storm (The Lighthouse Family  #1), authors: Cynthia Rylant, Preston McDaniels
The Art of Maurice Sendak, authors: Selma G. Lanes
The Poet  the Warrior  the Prophet, authors: Rubem A. Alves
The Warrior Prophet (The Prince of Nothing  #2), authors: R. Scott Bakker
The Belgariad  Vol. 1: Pawn of Prophecy / Queen of Sorcery / Magician's Gambit (The Belgariad  #1-3), authors: David Eddings
The Belgariad  Vol. Two: Castle of Wizardry / Enchanters' End Game (The Belgariad  #4-5), authors: David Eddings
The Younger Gods (The Dreamers  #4), authors: David Eddings, Leigh Eddings
The Malloreon  Vol. 1: Guardians of the West / King of the Murgos / Demon Lord of Karanda (The Malloreon  #1-3), authors: David Eddings
The Malloreon  Vol. 2: Sorceress of Darshiva / The Seeress of Kell (The Malloreon  #4-5), authors: David Eddings
Polgara the Sorceress, authors: David Eddings, Leigh Eddings
Mistress of Magic (The Mists of Avalon  #1), authors: Marion Zimmer Bradley, Davina Porter
The Forest House (Avalon  #2), authors: Marion Zimmer Bradley, Diana L. Paxson
Book of Nightmares (Diadem  Worlds of Magic  #6), authors: John Peel
The Nightmare Room: The Nightmare Begins! (The Nightmare Room  #1-3), authors: R.L. Stine
The Parallax View, authors: Slavoj Žižek
Looking Awry: An Introduction to Jacques Lacan through Popular Culture, authors: Slavoj Žižek
The Puppet and the Dwarf: The Perverse Core of Christianity, authors: Slavoj Žižek
Zizek: A Critical Introduction, authors: Sarah   Kay
Conversations with Žižek, authors: Slavoj Žižek, Glyn Daly
Marcovaldo, authors: Italo Calvino, William Weaver
The Uses of Literature, authors: Italo Calvino, Patrick Creagh
Please Stop Laughing at Me... One Woman's Inspirational Story, authors: Jodee Blanco
In the Beginning...Was the Command Line, authors: Neal Stephenson
The Extraordinary Cases of Sherlock Holmes, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle
Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister, authors: Gregory Maguire
Jane Austen For Dummies, authors: Joan Elizabeth Klingel Ray
The Rediscovery of Man, authors: Cordwainer Smith
Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets, authors: David Simon
The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood, authors: David Simon, Edward Burns
El Libertador: Writings of Simón Bolívar, authors: Simón Bolívar, Frederick H. Fornoff, David Bushnell
Hands Collected: The Books of Simon Perchik, authors: Simon Perchik, David Baratier
Morgoth's Ring (The History of Middle-Earth  #10), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The War of the Jewels (The History of Middle-Earth  #11), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The Silmarillion, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The Sillymarillion: An Unauthorized Parody of J.R.R. Tolkien's Classic the Silmarillion, authors: Donald  Lloyd
The Silmarillion, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
Hayao Miyazaki: Master of Japanese Animation, authors: Helen McCarthy
Cliffs Notes on Frank's The Diary of Anne Frank, authors: Dorothea Shefer-Vanson, CliffsNotes, Anne Frank
The Honourable Schoolboy, authors: John le Carré
Valparaiso, authors: Don DeLillo
No More Water in the Tub!, authors: Tedd Arnold, Mark Buehner
Big Red Tub, authors: Julia Jarman, Adrian    Reynolds
Tabby in the Tub (Animal Ark  #29), authors: Ben M. Baglio, Linda Chapman, Jenny Gregory
June Bug (Murder-by-Month Mystery #2), authors: Jess Lourey, J.H. Lourey, Jessica Lourey
Wickett's Remedy, authors: Myla Goldberg
I Am the Messenger, authors: Markus Zusak, Emmanuel Pailler
Getting the Girl (Wolfe Brothers  #3), authors: Markus Zusak
The Book Thief, authors: Markus Zusak, Cao Xuân Việt Khương
Fighting Ruben Wolfe (Wolfe Brothers  #2), authors: Markus Zusak, Stig Wemyss
Underdog (Wolfe Brothers  #1), authors: Markus Zusak
Nicomachean Ethics, authors: Aristotle, Martin Ostwald
The Nicomachean Ethics, authors: Aristotle, James Alexander Kerr Thomson, Jonathan Barnes, Hugh Tredennick
Nicomachean Ethics, authors: Aristotle, Hippocrates George Apostle
Madame Bovary, authors: Gustave Flaubert, Geoffrey Wall, Michèle Roberts
Madame Bovary (Critical Editions), authors: Gustave Flaubert, Margaret Cohen, Eleanor Marx
Madame Bovary, authors: Gustave Flaubert, Donada  Peters
The Complete Works: The Revised Oxford Translation  Vol. 1, authors: Aristotle, Jonathan Barnes
Politics, authors: Aristotle
Aristotle's Ethics (SparkNotes Literature Guides), authors: SparkNotes
The Politics and The Constitution of Athens, authors: Aristotle, Stephen Everson
Middlemarch, authors: George Eliot, Megan McDaniel, Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Lynn Sharon Schwartz
Middlemarch, authors: George Eliot, Harriet Walter
Silas Marner, authors: George Eliot
1984, authors: George Orwell, Mauricio Molina, Miguel Martínez Sarmiento
The Complete Tales of Nikolai Gogol  Volume 1, authors: Nikolai Gogol, Constance Garnett, Leonard J. Kent
The Overcoat and Other Short Stories, authors: Nikolai Gogol
The Nose, authors: Nikolai Gogol, Kevin Hawkes
Dead Souls, authors: Nikolai Gogol, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
Fathers and Sons, authors: Ivan Turgenev, George Reavy, Jane Costlow
Father to Son  (The Destroyer  #129), authors: Warren Murphy, Richard Sapir, James Mullaney
Children of the Star (Children of the Star  #1-3), authors: Sylvia Engdahl
From Far Away, authors: Robert Munsch, Michael Martchenko, Saoussan Askar
From Far Away  Vol. 01, authors: Kyoko Hikawa, Trina Robbins, Yuko Sawada, Walden Wong
Silos  Politics and Turf Wars: A Leadership Fable about Destroying the Barriers That Turn Colleagues Into Competitors, authors: Patrick Lencioni
Moral Politics: How Liberals and Conservatives Think, authors: George Lakoff
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King, Ron McLarty
El misterio de Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King, Marta I. Guastavino
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King
Prodigal Blues, authors: Gary A. Braunbeck, Deena Warner
The Divine Comedy  Vol. I: Inferno, authors: Dante Alighieri, Mark Musa
The Divine Comedy I: Hell, authors: Dante Alighieri, Dorothy L. Sayers
The Divine Comedy  Vol. 1: Inferno, authors: Dante Alighieri, Mark Musa
Could Do Better: Why Children Underachieve and What to Do About It, authors: Harvey P. Mandel, Sander I. Marcus, Loral Dean
Inferno, authors: Dante Alighieri, Allen Mandelbaum, Barry Moser, Gabriel Marruzzo, Laury Magnus
Purgatorio (La Divina Commedia #2), authors: Dante Alighieri, Robert M. Durling
Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy  the Inferno, authors: Dante Alighieri
The Portable Dante, authors: Dante Alighieri, Mark Musa
Purgatorio (The Divine Comedy  #2), authors: Dante Alighieri, Allen Mandelbaum, Laury Magnus, Anthony Oldcorn, Daniel Feldman, Barry Moser
The Divine Comedy  Vol. 3: Paradise, authors: Dante Alighieri, Mark Musa
The Divine Comedy  Vol. 2: Purgatory, authors: Dante Alighieri, Mark Musa
Vita Nuova, authors: Dante Alighieri, Mark Musa
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner and Other Poems, authors: Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Stanley Appelbaum
Beowulf, authors: Unknown, Burton Raffel
Beowulf: A Dual-Language Edition, authors: Unknown, Howell D. Chickering
Beowulf: A New Telling, authors: Robert Nye
Beowulf, authors: Michael Morpurgo, Michael Foreman
Seamus Heaney, authors: Helen Vendler
The Spirit Level: Poems, authors: Seamus Heaney
New Selected Poems 1966-1987, authors: Seamus Heaney
Finders Keepers: Selected Prose  1971-2001, authors: Seamus Heaney
Canopy: A Work for Voice and Light in Harvard Yard, authors: David   Ward, Parveen Adams, Seamus Heaney, Ivan Gaskell
Electric Light, authors: Seamus Heaney
Norden, authors: Seamus Heaney
Norte, authors: Seamus Heaney, Margarita Ardanaz
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, Robert Fitzgerald, Seamus Heaney
Paradise Lost, authors: John Milton, Scott Elledge
Tolkien: The Illustrated Encyclopaedia, authors: David Day
Ten Days to Self-Esteem, authors: David D. Burns
The Swords of Night and Day (The Drenai Saga  #11), authors: David Gemmell
Pippi Longstocking, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Florence Lamborn, Louis S. Glanzman
Pippi in the South Seas, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Gerry Bothmer
Pippi Goes on Board, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Florence Lamborn, Nancy Seligsohn
The Children of Noisy Village, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Ilon Wikland, Florence Lamborn
The Brothers Lionheart, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Ilon Wikland, Jill M. Morgan
Christmas in Noisy Village, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Ilon Wikland, Florence Lamborn
Ronia  the Robber's Daughter, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Patricia Crampton
Happy Times in Noisy Village, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Ilon Wikland, Florence Lamborn
Pippi Calzaslargas (Pippi Calzaslargas  #1), authors: Astrid Lindgren, Blanca Ríos, Richard Kennedy
The Tomten, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Harald Wiberg
Lotta on Troublemaker Street, authors: Astrid Lindgren, Robin Preiss Glasser
The Tale of Peter Rabbit, authors: Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Peter Rabbit: A Pop-up Adventure, authors: Beatrix Potter
Tale of Peter Rabbit, authors: Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Peter Rabbit, authors: Beatrix Potter
Beatrix Potter's Journal, authors: Beatrix Potter
The World of Peter Rabbit (Original Peter Rabbit  Books 1-23), authors: Beatrix Potter
Beatrix Potter: A Life in Nature, authors: Linda Lear
The Tale of the Flopsy Bunnies, authors: Beatrix Potter
Treasure Island, authors: Chris Tait, Robert Louis Stevenson, Lucy Corvino, Arthur Pober
The Epic of Gilgamesh, authors: Anonymous, N.K. Sandars
The Epic of Gilgamesh, authors: Anonymous, N.K. Sandars
The Epic of Gilgamesh, authors: Anonymous, Maureen Kovacs
The Evolution of the Gilgamesh Epic, authors: Jeffrey H. Tigay
The Gilgamesh Epic and Old Testament Parallels, authors: Alexander Heidel
The Scarlet Letter and Other Writings, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne, Eugene Hudson Long, Seymour L. Gross, Richard C. Beatty, Sculley Bradley, Richmond Croom Beatty
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain, Scott McKowen, Arthur Pober
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain, Peter Coveney
Mark Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain, Richard P. Wasowski
Collected Tales  Sketches  Speeches  & Essays 1852–1890, authors: Mark Twain, Louis J. Budd
Mark Twain's Own Autobiography: The Chapters from the North American Review, authors: Mark Twain, Michael J. Kiskis
Candide, authors: Voltaire, Robert M. Adams
Candide and Other Stories (World's Classics), authors: Voltaire, Roger Pearson
Cliffs Notes on Voltaire's Candide, authors: James K. Lowers, CliffsNotes, Voltaire
Candide: or  Optimism, authors: Voltaire, Peter Constantine, Diane Johnson
Candide and Related Writings, authors: Voltaire, David Wootton
Philosophical Dictionary, authors: Voltaire, Theodore Besterman
What Is Goth?, authors: Aurelio Voltaire
The Picture of Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde, Andrew Elfenbein
The Real Trial of Oscar Wilde, authors: Merlin Holland
Complete Shorter Fiction, authors: Oscar Wilde, Isobel Murray
The Unmasking of Oscar Wilde, authors: Joseph Pearce
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, authors: Edward Gibbon, Daniel J. Boorstin, Giovanni Battista Piranesi, Hans-Friedrich Mueller
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, authors: Edward Gibbon, Daniel J. Boorstin, Hans-Friedrich Mueller, Giovanni Battista Piranesi
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, authors: Edward Gibbon, Hugh Trevor-Roper
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, authors: Edward Gibbon
The Christians and the Fall of Rome (Great Ideas), authors: Edward Gibbon
The Portable Gibbon: The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, authors: Edward Gibbon, Dero A. Saunders, Charles Alexander Robinson Jr.
They Cage the Animals at Night, authors: Jennings Michael Burch
The Quilter's Homecoming (Elm Creek Quilts  #10), authors: Jennifer Chiaverini
Absolutely Normal Chaos, authors: Sharon Creech
The Abominable Snowman Doesn't Roast Marshmallows (The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids  #50), authors: Debbie Dadey, Marcia Thornton Jones
Santa Claus Doesn't Mop Floors (The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids  #3), authors: Debbie Dadey, Marcia Thornton Jones, John Steven Gurney
Angels Don't Know Karate (The Adventures Of The Bailey School Kids  #23), authors: Debbie Dadey, Marcia Thornton Jones, John Steven Gurney
Werewolves Don't Run for President (The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids  #49), authors: Debbie Dadey, Marcia Thornton Jones, John Steven Gurney
Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots (The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids  #1), authors: Debbie Dadey, Marcia Thornton Jones, John Steven Gurney
Werewolves Don't Go to Summer Camp (The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids  #2), authors: Debbie Dadey, Marcia Thornton Jones, John Steven Gurney
Phantoms Don't Drive Sports Cars (The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids  #32), authors: Debbie Dadey, Marcia Thornton Jones, John Steven Gurney
My Perfect Life (Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen  #2), authors: Dyan Sheldon
Be Happy or I'll Scream!: My Deranged Quest for the Perfect Husband  Family  and Life, authors: Sheri Lynch
A Guide to the Words of My Perfect Teacher, authors: Ngawang Pelzang, Padmakara Translation Group, Patrul Rinpoche, Alak Zenkar
All-American Girl (All-American Girl  #1), authors: Meg Cabot
Ready or Not (All-American Girl  #2), authors: Meg Cabot
Ready or Not (All-American Girl  #2), authors: Meg Cabot
The Perfect Score (It's All About Attitude #5), authors: Julie Kenner
The Face on the Milk Carton (Janie Johnson  #1), authors: Caroline B. Cooney
Teen Angst? Naaah..., authors: Ned Vizzini
It's Kind of a Funny Story, authors: Ned Vizzini
Be More Chill, authors: Ned Vizzini
Collected Prose: Autobiographical Writings  True Stories  Critical Essays  Prefaces  and Collaborations with Artists, authors: Paul Auster
Hand to Mouth: A Chronicle of Early Failure, authors: Paul Auster
The Book of Illusions, authors: Paul Auster
City of Glass: The Graphic Novel, authors: Paul Karasik, David Mazzucchelli, Paul Auster, Art Spiegelman
Moonraker, authors: Ian Fleming
Moonraker's Bride, authors: Madeleine Brent
Eat  Pray  Love, authors: Elizabeth Gilbert
Eat  Pray  Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy  India and Indonesia, authors: Elizabeth Gilbert
The World as Will and Representation  Vol. 1, authors: Arthur Schopenhauer, Judith Norman, E.F.J. Payne, Alistair Welchman, Christropher Janaway
The Schopenhauer Cure, authors: Irvin D. Yalom
Essays and Aphorisms, authors: Arthur Schopenhauer, R.J. Hollingdale
Essay on the Freedom of the Will, authors: Arthur Schopenhauer, Konstantin Kolenda
Schopenhauer: A Very Short Introduction, authors: Christopher Janaway
The Mandarins, authors: Simone de Beauvoir, Leonard M. Friedman
Les Mandarins: Tome 2, authors: Simone de Beauvoir
Die Mandarins von Paris, authors: Simone de Beauvoir
The Brothers K, authors: David James Duncan
Where the Wild Things Are, authors: Maurice Sendak
野獸國 (漢聲精選世界最佳兒童圖畫書．心理成長類  #36), authors: Maurice Sendak
Essentials of Classic Italian Cooking, authors: Marcella Hazan, Karin Kretschmann
The Italians: A Full-Length Portrait Featuring Their Manners and Morals, authors: Luigi Barzini, Joan Emerson
Peking to Paris, authors: Luigi  Barzini, L.P. De Castelvecchio
The Lost Lunar Baedeker: Poems of Mina Loy, authors: Mina Loy, Roger L. Conover
Paris Was Yesterday  1925-1939, authors: Janet Flanner, Irving Drutman
Lost Boy Lost Girl, authors: Peter Straub
Shadowland, authors: Peter Straub
Ghost Story, authors: Peter Straub
Territoires (Le talisman des territoires  #2), authors: Stephen King, Peter Straub, Bernard Cohen
Floating Dragon, authors: Peter Straub
The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother, authors: James   McBride
Color: A Natural History of the Palette, authors: Victoria Finlay
Vincent's Colors, authors: Vincent van Gogh, Metropolitan Museum of Art, William Lach
Flinx's Folly (Pip & Flinx #9), authors: Alan Dean Foster
The Doctor's House, authors: Ann Beattie
Chilly Scenes of Winter, authors: Ann Beattie
What Life Was Like in the Realm of Elizabeth: England  AD 1533-1603 (What Life Was Like), authors: Time-Life Books
What Life Was Like In the Age of Chivalry: Medieval Europe  AD 800-1500 (What Life Was Like), authors: Denise Dersin
What Life Was Like on the Banks of the Nile: Egypt  3050-30 BC, authors: Denise Dersin
What Life Was Like at the Rebirth of Genius: Renaissance Italy  AD 1400-1550 (What Life Was Like), authors: Richard Stapleford, Time-Life Books
What Life Was Like Among Druids and High Kings: Celtic Ireland  AD 400-1200 (What Life Was Like), authors: Robin Chapman Stacey
What Life Was Like Amid Splendor and Intrigue: Byzantine Empire  AD 330-1453, authors: Ellen Anker, Denise Dersin
What Life Was Like in the Time of War and Peace: Imperial Russia  AD 1696-1917 (What Life Was Like), authors: Time-Life Books
What Life Was Like in the Jewel in the Crown: British India  AD 1600-1905, authors: Time-Life Books
Birds of America, authors: Lorrie Moore
Self-Help, authors: Lorrie Moore
Who Will Run the Frog Hospital?, authors: Lorrie Moore
Family Matters, authors: Rohinton Mistry
Tales from Firozsha Baag [Jan 01  2002] Mistry  Rohinton, authors: Rohinton Mistry
Without Remorse (John Clark  #1; Jack Ryan Universe Publication Order #6), authors: Tom Clancy
Clave Red Rabbit (Jack Ryan  #2), authors: Tom Clancy, Enric Tremps
Debt of Honor (Jack Ryan  #7), authors: Tom Clancy
The Archimedes Effect (Tom Clancy's Net Force  #10), authors: Steve Perry, Larry Segriff, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Hidden Agendas (Tom Clancy's Net Force  #2), authors: Steve Perry, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Marine: A Guided Tour of a Marine Expeditionary Unit (Guided Tour), authors: Tom Clancy
The Teeth of the Tiger (Jack Ryan Universe  #12), authors: Tom Clancy
Executive Orders (Jack Ryan  #8), authors: Tom Clancy
State of War (Tom Clancy's Net Force  #7), authors: Steve Perry, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik, Larry Segriff
Every Man a Tiger: The Gulf War Air Campaign (Commanders), authors: Tom Clancy, Chuck Horner
Wild Card (Tom Clancy's Power Plays  #8), authors: Jerome Preisler, Tom Clancy, Martin Greenberg
Carrier: A Guided Tour of an Aircraft Carrier (Guided Tour), authors: Tom Clancy, Leon A. Edney
Cloak and Dagger (Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers  #17), authors: John Helfers, Russell Davis, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Cybernation (Tom Clancy's Net Force  #6), authors: Steve Perry, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Virtual Vandals (Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers  #1), authors: Diane Duane, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Cutting Edge (Tom Clancy's Power Plays  #6), authors: Jerome Preisler, Tom Clancy, Martin Greenberg
Mission of Honor (Tom Clancy's Op-Center  #9), authors: Jeff Rovin, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
The Bear and the Dragon (John Clark  #3), authors: Tom Clancy
Breaking Point (Tom Clancy's Net Force  #4), authors: Steve Perry, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Airborne: A Guided Tour Of An Airborne Task Force, authors: Tom Clancy
Red Rabbit (Jack Ryan  #2), authors: Tom Clancy
John Deere Farm Tractors: A History of the John Deere Tractor, authors: Randy Leffingwell
Corvette: Fifty Years, authors: Randy Leffingwell, David Newhardt
Tough to Tackle, authors: Matt Christopher, Harvey Kidder
Complete Guide to OneNote, authors: W. Frederick Zimmerman, Chris Pratley
The Goon Show  Volume 4: My Knees Have Fallen Off!, authors: NOT A BOOK
The Goon Show: Moriarty Where Are You?, authors: NOT A BOOK
The Goon Show  Volume 11: He's Fallen in the Water!, authors: NOT A BOOK
Power: Die 48 Gesetze Der Macht, authors: Robert Greene, Birgit Brandau, Hartmut Schickert
The Echo Maker, authors: Richard Powers
Power vs. Force, authors: David R. Hawkins
The Power of Art, authors: Simon Schama
Goodbye  Darkness: A Memoir of the Pacific War, authors: William Manchester
A World Lit Only by Fire: The Medieval Mind and the Renaissance: Portrait of an Age, authors: William Manchester
The Last Lion 2: Winston Spencer Churchill: Alone  1932-40, authors: William Manchester
The Glory and the Dream: A Narrative History of America 1932-72, authors: William Manchester
The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill: Visions of Glory  1874-1932, authors: William Manchester
The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill: Visions of Glory 1874-1932, authors: William Manchester
Moon-Flash (Kyreol  #1-2), authors: Patricia A. McKillip
Harrowing the Dragon, authors: Patricia A. McKillip
Cygnet (Cygnet  #1-2), authors: Patricia A. McKillip
Solstice Wood (Winter Rose  #2), authors: Patricia A. McKillip
Od Magic, authors: Patricia A. McKillip
25 Ways to Win with People: How to Make Others Feel Like a Million Bucks, authors: John C. Maxwell, Les Parrott III
Winning with People Workbook, authors: John C. Maxwell
Thornhold (The Harpers  #16; Songs & Swords  #4), authors: Elaine Cunningham
The Best of the Realms: The Stories of Elaine Cunningham (Forgotten Realms: The Best of the Realms  #3), authors: Elaine Cunningham
Changeling Storytellers Guide, authors: Mark  Hunter, Ian Lemke
The Blood Wood (Earthdawn 6113), authors: FASA Corporation, Ian Lemke, Louis J. Prosperi
Basin and Range, authors: John McPhee
The Deltoid Pumpkin Seed, authors: John McPhee
Assembling California, authors: John McPhee
Qué Se Puede Esperar Cuando Se Está Esperando, authors: Heidi Murkoff, Arlene Eisenberg
Master of Swords (Mageverse #4), authors: Angela Knight
Master of the Night (Mageverse #1), authors: Angela Knight
Master of Wolves (Mageverse  #3), authors: Angela Knight
Captive Dreams, authors: Angela Knight, Diane Whiteside
Master of Dragons (Mageverse #5), authors: Angela Knight
Master of the Moon (Mageverse #2), authors: Angela Knight
Jane's Warlord (Warlord #1), authors: Angela Knight
Over The Moon (Mageverse #3.5), authors: Angela Knight, MaryJanice Davidson, Virginia Kantra, Sunny
Mr. and Mistress (Dynasties: The Elliotts #5), authors: Heidi Betts
Artesia Volume 1, authors: Mark Smylie
Law of Enclosures, authors: Dale Peck
The Drift House: The First Voyage, authors: Dale Peck
Through a Brazen Mirror, authors: Delia Sherman, Cortney Skinner, Ellen Kushner
The Porcelain Dove, authors: Delia Sherman
Interfictions: An Anthology of Interstitial Writing, authors: Delia Sherman, Theodora Goss, K. Tempest Bradford, Karen Jordan Allen, Rachel Pollack, Veronica Schanoes, Mikal Trimm, Colin Greenland, Vandana Singh, Matthew Cheney, Léa Silhol, Adrián Ferrero, Holly Phillips, Catherynne M. Valente, Christopher Barzak, Leslie What, Anna Tambour, Joy Marchand, Jon Singer, Csilla Kleinheincz, Michael J. DeLuca
The Fall of the Kings (Riverside  #3), authors: Ellen Kushner, Delia Sherman
Killing Time, authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
The Tangled Thread (Morland Dynasty  #10), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
The Flood-Tide (Morland Dynasty  #9), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
The White Road (Morland Dynasty  #28), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
The Maiden (The Morland Dynasty  #8), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
The Oak Apple (Morland Dynasty  #4), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
The Emperor (The Morland Dynasty  #11), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
The Nature of the Child, authors: Jerome Kagan
Confessions of a Pagan Nun, authors: Kate Horsley
Westminster Abby, authors: Micol Ostow
Changelings, authors: Anne McCaffrey, Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
Dragon's Fire (Pern  #19), authors: Anne McCaffrey, Todd McCaffrey
Maelstrom, authors: Anne McCaffrey, Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
The Mark of the Crown (Star Wars: Jedi Apprentice  #4), authors: Jude Watson
The Sea, authors: John Banville, John      Lee
Joy Within, authors: Joan Goldstein, Manuela Soares
Butch/Femme, authors: Manuela Soares, Judy Grahn, Nisa Donnelly
Expository Writing: Mini-Lessons * Strategies * Activities, authors: Tara McCarthy, Drew Hires, Jaime Lucero, Vincent Ceci
Persuasive Writing: Mini-Lessons  Strategies  Activities, authors: Tara MacCarthy, Drew Hires
McDougal Littell Science: Student Edition Grade 6 Earth Science 2006, authors: McDougal Littell, Douglas W. Carnine
Daisy Bates: Civil Rights Crusader from Arkansas, authors: Grif Stockley
The Loftier Way: Tales from the Ancient American Frontier, authors: Blaine M. Yorgason, Brenton G. Yorgason
A Higher Justice (The Trials of Kit Shannon #5), authors: James Scott Bell
Plot & Structure: Techniques and Exercises for Crafting a Plot That Grips Readers from Start to Finish, authors: James Scott Bell
Deadlock, authors: James Scott Bell
Breach of Promise, authors: James Scott Bell
Keats's Poetry and Prose, authors: John Keats, Jeffrey N. Cox
A False Mirror (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #9), authors: Charles Todd
Wings of Fire (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #2), authors: Charles Todd
A Cold Treachery (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #7), authors: Charles Todd
The Murder Stone, authors: Charles Todd
Legacy of the Dead (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #4), authors: Charles Todd
A Fearsome Doubt (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #6), authors: Charles Todd
Watchers of Time (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #5), authors: Charles Todd
Search the Dark (Inspector Ian Rutledge  #3), authors: Charles Todd
Bill Bryson's African Diary, authors: Bill Bryson
Hunters of Dune (Dune Chronicles  #7), authors: Brian Herbert, Kevin J. Anderson
The Battle Of Corrin (Legends of Dune  #3), authors: Brian Herbert, Kevin J. Anderson
House Corrino (Prelude to Dune #3), authors: Brian Herbert, Kevin J. Anderson
House Harkonnen (Prelude to Dune #2), authors: Brian Herbert, Kevin J. Anderson
Doctor Who: The Inside Story, authors: Gary Russell
Doctor Who Short Trips: Repercussions, authors: Gary Russell, Peter Anghelides, J. Shaun Lyon, Jon de Burgh Miller, Eddie Robson, Todd Green, Andy Russell, Andrew Collins, Kathryn Sullivan, Iain McLaughlin, Mark Michalowski, Joseph Lidster, Trevor Baxendale, Colin Brake, Claire Bartlett, Sarah Groenewegen, Trey Korte, Andy Frankham-Allen
Gerontius, authors: James Hamilton-Paterson
Hellstrom's Hive, authors: Frank Herbert
The Dark City (Eliot Ness  #1), authors: Max Allan Collins
Bullet Proof (Eliot Ness  #3), authors: Max Allan Collins
The Penguin Companion to European Literature, authors: Anthony Thorlby
West To Eden, authors: Gloria Goldreich
The Various, authors: Steve Augarde
Truman Capote: In Which Various Friends  Enemies  Acquaintances  and Detractors Recall His Turbulent Career, authors: George Plimpton
The Burnt Orange Heresy, authors: Charles Willeford
Ewan McGregor: From Junkie to Jedi, authors: Brian J. Robb
Shadow Twin, authors: Gardner Dozois, George R.R. Martin, Daniel Abraham
Der Prophet, authors: Kahlil Gibran
Le prophète, authors: Kahlil Gibran
The Complete Stories of Robert Louis Stevenson: Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Nineteen Other Tales, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, Barry Menikoff
The Complete Short Stories Of Robert Louis Stevenson: With A Selection Of The Best Short Novels, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, Charles Neider
A Child's Garden of Verses, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, Tasha Tudor
Have Space Suit—Will Travel, authors: Robert A. Heinlein
Practicalities, authors: Marguerite Duras, Barbara Bray
Le ravissement de Lol V. Stein, authors: Marguerite Duras
India Song, authors: Marguerite Duras, Barbara Bray
Clown, authors: Quentin Blake
The Spiral Stair (Arabel and Mortimer  #6), authors: Joan Aiken, Quentin Blake
A Near Thing for Captain Najork (Captain Najork #2), authors: Russell Hoban, Quentin Blake
Cover Her Face (Adam Dalgliesh #1), authors: P.D. James, Neville Teller, Robin Ellis, Sian Phillips, Hugh Grant
Reptiles and Amphibians (Smithsonian Handbooks), authors: Mark O'Shea, Tim Halliday, Jonathan Metcalf
The Camera (Ansel Adams Photography  #1), authors: Ansel Adams, Robert Hardy Baker
The Negative (Ansel Adams Photography  #2), authors: Ansel Adams, Robert Hardy Baker
The Print (Ansel Adams Photography  #3), authors: Ansel Adams, Robert Hardy Baker
The Changing Status of the Artist, authors: Emma Barker, Nick Webb, Kim W. Woods
Vicars of Christ: A History of the Popes, authors: Charles A. Coulombe
The Big Bing: Black Holes of Time Management  Gaseous Executive Bodies  Exploding Careers  and Other Theories on the Origins of the Business Universe, authors: Stanley Bing
What Would Machiavelli Do?: The Ends Justify the Meanness, authors: Stanley Bing
William James: In the Maelstrom of American Modernism, authors: Robert D. Richardson Jr.
Cliffs Notes on Wright's Black Boy, authors: Carl Senna, CliffsNotes, Richard Wright
The Wit and Wisdom of Abraham Lincoln: A Book of Quotations, authors: Abraham Lincoln, Bob Blaisdell
Speeches and Writings 1832–1858, authors: Abraham Lincoln, Don E. Fehrenbacher
Selected Speeches and Writings, authors: Abraham Lincoln, Gore Vidal
George Eliot: The Last Victorian, authors: Kathryn  Hughes
The Mill on the Floss, authors: George Eliot, A.S. Byatt
Scenes of Clerical Life, authors: George Eliot, Thomas A. Noble
Terry Jones' Medieval Lives, authors: Terry Jones, Alan Ereira
Terry Jones' Fairy Tales, authors: Terry Jones, Michael Foreman
Some Ether, authors: Nick Flynn
Tin House: Evil (Volume 8 no. 3), authors: Chris Adrian, Nick Flynn, Francine Prose, Josip Novakovich, Moonshine
A Note Slipped Under the Door: Teaching from Poems We Love, authors: Nick Flynn, Shirley McPhillips, Philippa Stratton
The Trouble with Testosterone and Other Essays on the Biology of the Human Predicament, authors: Robert M. Sapolsky
Monkeyluv: And Other Essays on Our Lives as Animals, authors: Robert M. Sapolsky
Literary Criticism  Vol. 1: Essays on Literature / American Writers / English Writers, authors: Henry James, Leon Edel, Mark Wilson
Advanced Statistics Demystified, authors: Larry J. Stephens
Lilly's Big Day, authors: Kevin Henkes
Chester's Way, authors: Kevin Henkes
Julius  the Baby of the World, authors: Kevin Henkes
Forms of Talk, authors: Erving Goffman
Interaction Ritual - Essays on Face-to-Face Behavior, authors: Erving Goffman
Study Bible: NIV, authors: Anonymous
My Lord Eternity (Immortal Rogues  #2), authors: Debbie Raleigh, Alexandra Ivy
Aesop's Fables, authors: Aesop, Ann McGovern
Once A Wolf: How Wildlife Biologists Fought to Bring Back the Gray Wolf, authors: Stephen R. Swinburne, Jim Brandenburg
Conversations with Don DeLillo, authors: Don DeLillo, Thomas DePietro
Inventing America: Jefferson's Declaration of Independence, authors: Garry Wills
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America, authors: Garry Wills
Venice: Lion City: The Religion of Empire, authors: Garry Wills
Four Weddings and a Funeral, authors: Richard Curtis
Halloween, authors: Richard Curtis
Janet  My Mother and Me: A Memoir of Growing Up with Janet Flanner and Natalia Danesi Murray, authors: William Murray
Catch That Pass!, authors: Matt Christopher
Divide and Conquer (Tom Clancy's Op-Center  #7), authors: Jeff Rovin, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Death Match (Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers  #18), authors: Diane Duane, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Line of Control (Tom Clancy's Op-Center  #8), authors: Jeff Rovin, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Sea of Fire (Tom Clancy's Op-Center  #10), authors: Jeff Rovin, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
One is the Loneliest Number (Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers  #3), authors: Diane Duane, Tom Clancy, Steve Pieczenik
Aliens: Nightmare Asylum, authors: Steve Perry
The Omega Cage (Matador  #4), authors: Steve Perry, Michael Reaves
The 97th Step (Matador  #5), authors: Steve Perry
A Friar's Bloodfeud (Knights Templar  #20), authors: Michael Jecks
Death Ship of Dartmouth (Knights Templar  #21), authors: Michael Jecks
The John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Encyclopedia: The Complete Model-by-Model History, authors: Don Macmillan, Wayne G. Broehl Jr.
Phantoms, authors: Rosalind M. Greenberg
Fantasy Gone Wrong, authors: Martin H. Greenberg, Brittiany A. Koren, Brian Stableford, Mickey Zucker Reichert, Fiona Patton, Jim C. Hines, Esther M. Friesner, Donald J. Bingle, Alan Dean Foster, Devon Monk, Phaedra M. Weldon, Christina F. York, Jana Paniccia, Josepha Sherman, Susan Sizemore, Michael Jasper, Janny Wurts, Lisanne Norman
The Ghosts in Baker Street: New Tales of Sherlock Holmes, authors: Martin H. Greenberg, Daniel Stashower
Christmas Bestiary, authors: Martin H. Greenberg, Jack Nimersheim, Jane Yolen, Jack C. Haldeman II, Harry Turtledove, Laura Resnick, Mike Resnick, Karen Haber, Jane Lindskold, Lawrence Schimel, Barry N. Malzberg, Tanya Huff, Michelle Sagara West, Mark Aronson, Stefan R. Dziemianowicz, Jennifer Roberson, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Elizabeth Ann Scarborough, Barbara Delaplace, Barb Jernigan, Blake Cahoon
Black Cats and Broken Mirrors, authors: John Helfers, Esther M. Friesner, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Bruce Holland Rogers, Peter Crowther, R. Davis, Charles de Lint, Elizabeth Ann Scarborough, Michelle Sagara West, Nancy Springer, Dean Wesley Smith, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Josepha Sherman, Jane Lindskold, Genevieve Gorman, Kristin Schwengel, Jean-François Podevin, Zane Stillings, Carol Rondou
Time Twisters, authors: Jean Rabe, Martin H. Greenberg, Stephen Leigh, Gene DeWeese, Joe Masdon, Donald J. Bingle, Skip Williams, Penny Williams, Pierce Askegren, Nancy Virginia Varian, Wes Nicholson, John Helfers, Chris Pierson, Harry Turtledove, Kevin J. Anderson, Robert E. Vardeman, Jackie Cassada, James M. Ward, Jon L. Breen, Linda P. Baker
The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages, authors: Harold Bloom
Shakespeare: The Invention of the Human, authors: Harold Bloom
The American Religion, authors: Harold Bloom
American Caesar: Douglas MacArthur 1880-1964, authors: William Manchester
Winchester Shotguns, authors: Dennis Adler, R.L. Wilson
Colossians and Philemon: A Critical and Exegetical Commentary (International Critical Commentary), authors: R. McL. Wilson
Maurice Sendak's Seven Little Monsters: What Time is It? - Book #4, authors: Arthur Yorinks, Raymond Jafelice
Meditations for Manifesting: Morning and Evening Meditations to Literally Create Your Heart's Desire, authors: Wayne W. Dyer
There's a Spiritual Solution to Every Problem, authors: Wayne W. Dyer
Michael Smith Elements of Style, authors: Michael S.  Smith, Diane Dorrans Saeks
Spares, authors: Michael Marshall Smith
One of Us, authors: Michael Marshall Smith
The Secret City (Pyrates  #1), authors: Chris Archer
The Theory and Practice of Group Psychotherapy, authors: Irvin D. Yalom, Molyn Leszcz
When Nietzsche Wept, authors: Irvin D. Yalom
Existential Psychotherapy, authors: Irvin D. Yalom
Crown of Stars (Crown of Stars  #7), authors: Kate Elliott
Crown Duel (Crown & Court #1-2), authors: Sherwood Smith
A Rose for the Crown, authors: Anne Easter Smith
The Bloody Crown of Conan (Conan the Cimmerian  #2), authors: Robert E. Howard, Gary Gianni, Patrice Louinet
Rough Crossings: Britain  the Slaves and the American Revolution, authors: Simon Schama
Landscape and Memory, authors: Simon Schama
The Embarrassment of Riches: An Interpretation of Dutch Culture in the Golden Age, authors: Simon Schama
Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution, authors: Simon Schama
The Feelings Book: The Care & Keeping of Your Emotions, authors: Lynda Madison, Bonnie Timmons, Norm Bendell
A Smart Girl's Guide to Money: How to Make It  Save It  And Spend It, authors: Nancy Holyoke, Ali Douglass
What Would You Do? (American Girl Library), authors: Patti Kelley Criswell, Norm Bendell
The Halloween Activity Book: Creepy  Crawly  Hairy  Scary Things to Do, authors: Mymi Doinet, Benjamin Chaud
The Capricorn Stone, authors: Madeleine Brent
Golden Urchin, authors: Madeleine Brent
The Ethics of Ambiguity, authors: Simone de Beauvoir, Bernard Frechtman
She Came to Stay, authors: Simone de Beauvoir
The Coming of Age, authors: Simone de Beauvoir, Patrick O'Brian
A Transatlantic Love Affair: Letters to Nelson Algren, authors: Simone de Beauvoir, Nelson Algren, Sylvie Le Bon de Beauvoir, Vanessa Kling, Ellen Gordon Reeves
La force de l'âge, authors: Simone de Beauvoir
What Life Was Like When Rome Ruled the World: The Roman Empire  100 BC - AD 200 (What Life Was Like), authors: Time-Life Books
Sudden Fiction International: 60 Short-Short Stories, authors: Robert Shapard, James Thomas
Sudden Fiction: American Short-Short Stories, authors: Robert Shapard, James Thomas
Sarah Bernhardt, authors: Elizabeth Silverthorne, Betty McCollum
The Art of Controversy (The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer), authors: Thomas Bailey Saunders
The Wisdom of Life, authors: Arthur Schopenhauer, Thomas Bailey Saunders
For All Time (Time Travelers  #4), authors: Caroline B. Cooney
Wanted!, authors: Caroline B. Cooney
The Time Travelers: Volume One, authors: Caroline B. Cooney
The Stranger, authors: Caroline B. Cooney
Every Night Italian: Every Night Italian, authors: Giuliano Hazan, Marcella Hazan, Dana Gallagher
More Classic Italian Cooking, authors: Marcella Hazan
Practice Makes Perfect: Italian Verb Tenses, authors: Paola Nanni-Tate
Effigies (Faye Longchamp  #3), authors: Mary Anna Evans
The Cambridge Companion to Schopenhauer, authors: Christopher Janaway
Stormie: A Story of Forgiveness and Healing, authors: Stormie Omartian
The Orion Mystery: Unlocking the Secrets of the Pyramids, authors: Robert Bauval, Adrian Geoffrey Gilbert
Orion (Orion  #1), authors: Ben Bova
Lake Orion (Images of America: Michigan), authors: James E. Ingram, Lori Grove
Rick Steves' Europe Through the Back Door, authors: Rick Steves
A Dangerous Man (Hank Thompson  #3), authors: Charlie Huston
Already Dead (Joe Pitt  #1), authors: Charlie Huston
Caught Stealing (Hank Thompson  #1), authors: Charlie Huston
Ultimate Annuals  Volume 2, authors: Charlie Huston, Mike Carey, Brian Michael Bendis, Robert Kirkman, Mike Deodato, Ryan Sook, Stuart Immonen, Frazier Irving
Dead I Well May Be (Dead Trilogy #1), authors: Adrian McKinty
The Dead Yard (Michael Forsythe #2), authors: Adrian McKinty
The Lighthouse Land (Lighthouse Trilogy #1), authors: Adrian McKinty
Spider Mountain (Cam Richter  #2), authors: P.T. Deutermann
The Edge of Honor, authors: P.T. Deutermann
The Firefly, authors: P.T. Deutermann
Diary of a Spider, authors: Doreen Cronin, Harry Bliss
The Snow Spider (Snow Spider Trilogy  #1), authors: Jenny Nimmo
Ultimate Spider-Man  Volume 16: Deadpool, authors: Brian Michael Bendis, Mark Bagley
Ultimate Spider-Man  Volume 7, authors: Brian Michael Bendis, Mark Bagley
Fables: 1001 Nights of Snowfall, authors: Bill Willingham, Esao Andrews, John Bolton, Mark Buckingham, James Jean, Derek Kirk Kim, Tara  McPherson, Jill Thompson, Mark Wheatley, Michael Wm. Kaluta, Charles Vess, Brian Bolland
Cold Fire / Hideaway / The Key to Midnight, authors: Dean Koontz, Leigh Nichols
Fables  Vol. 8: Wolves, authors: Bill Willingham, Mark Buckingham, Steve Leialoha, Shawn McManus, Andrew Pepoy
Fables  Vol. 4: March of the Wooden Soldiers, authors: Bill Willingham, Mark Buckingham, Craig Hamilton, Steve Leialoha, P. Craig Russell
Fables  Vol. 1: Legends in Exile, authors: Bill Willingham, Terry Moore, Mike Allred, Lan Medina, Mark Buckingham, Matthew Sturges, Steve Leialoha, Craig Hamilton, Russ Braun, James Jean, Tony Akins, Eric Shanower, Shawn McManus, Jae Lee, Chrissie Zullo, David Petersen
Fables  Vol. 7: Arabian Nights (and Days), authors: Bill Willingham, Mark Buckingham, Steve Leialoha, Jim Fern, Jimmy Palmiotti, Andrew Pepoy
Fables  Vol. 6: Homelands, authors: Bill Willingham, David Hahn, Mark Buckingham, Lan Medina, Steve Leialoha
Fables  Vol. 3: Storybook Love, authors: Bill Willingham, Bryan Talbot, Lan Medina, Mark Buckingham, Linda Medley, Steve Leialoha, James Jean
Fables  Vol. 5: The Mean Seasons, authors: Bill Willingham, Mark Buckingham, Steve Leialoha, Tony Akins, Jimmy Palmiotti
The Choice: A Fable of Free Trade and Protectionism, authors: Russell Roberts, Russ Roberts
Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable, authors: John Ayto
Jack of Fables  Vol. 1: The (Nearly) Great Escape, authors: Bill Willingham, Matthew Sturges, Tony Akins, Andrew Pepoy
Math Fables, authors: Greg Tang, Heather Cahoon
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team: A Leadership Fable, authors: Patrick Lencioni
Aesop's Fables, authors: Aesop, Laura Harris, Laura Gibbs
Icebound, authors: David Axton, Dean Koontz, Paul Michael
Odd Thomas (Odd Thomas #1), authors: Dean Koontz, David Baker
Seize the Night (Moonlight Bay  #2), authors: Dean Koontz, Keith Szarabajka
From the Corner of His Eye, authors: Dean Koontz, Stephen Lang
The Good Guy, authors: Dean Koontz, Richard Ferrrone
Pompeii, authors: Robert   Harris, Michael Cumpsty
3rd Degree, authors: James Patterson, Andrew Gross, Carolyn McCormick
2nd Chance (Women's Murder Club #2), authors: James Patterson, Melissa Leo, Jeremy Piven, Andrew Gross
The Big Bad Wolf, authors: James Patterson, Peter J. Fernandez, Denis O'Hare
Pop Goes the Weasel, authors: James Patterson, Roger Rees, Keith David
The Winds of War (The Henry Family  #1), authors: Herman Wouk
Hollywood Station (Hollywood Station  #1), authors: Joseph Wambaugh
The Choirboys, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
Fire Lover: A True Story, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
Floaters, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
The New Centurions, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
The Black Marble, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
The Secrets of Harry Bright, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
Lines and Shadows, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
Hollywood Tough (Shane Scully  #3), authors: Stephen J. Cannell, Paul Michael, Michael Prichard
Cold Hit (Shane Scully #5), authors: Stephen J. Cannell, Scott Brick
Trunk Music (Harry Bosch  #5; Harry Bosch Universe  #6), authors: Michael Connelly, Dick Hill
Angels Flight (Harry Bosch  #6), authors: Michael Connelly, Dick Hill
The Black Echo (Harry Bosch  #1; Harry Bosch Universe  #1), authors: Michael Connelly, Dick Hill
The Closers (Harry Bosch  #11; Harry Bosch Universe  #14), authors: Michael Connelly, Len Cariou
Echo Park (Harry Bosch  #12; Harry Bosch Universe  #16), authors: Michael Connelly, Len Cariou
The Poet (Jack McEvoy  #1; Harry Bosch Universe  #5), authors: Michael Connelly, Buck Schirner
The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch  #3), authors: Michael Connelly, Dick Hill
The Best American Mystery Stories 2003, authors: Michael Connelly, Otto Penzler
Hundred-Dollar Baby (Spenser  #34), authors: Robert B. Parker, Joe Mantegna
The Spenser Collection: Volume I (Spenser  #27-28), authors: Robert B. Parker, Joe Mantegna
School Days (Spenser  #33), authors: Robert B. Parker, Joe Mantegna
Potshot (Spenser  #28), authors: Robert B. Parker, Joe Mantegna
Chance (Spenser  #23), authors: Robert B. Parker, Burt Reynolds
The Accidental Time Machine, authors: Joe Haldeman
A Separate War and Other Stories, authors: Joe Haldeman, Connie Willis
The Forever War (The Forever War  #1), authors: Joe Haldeman
Worlds Enough and Time (Worlds #3), authors: Joe Haldeman
The Coming, authors: Joe Haldeman
Forever Peace (The Forever War  #2), authors: Joe Haldeman
Dealing in Futures, authors: Joe Haldeman
Study War No More: A Selection of Alternatives, authors: Joe Haldeman, William Nabors, Harry Harrison, Damon Knight, Harlan Ellison, Ben Bova, Poul Anderson, Isaac Asimov, Mack Reynolds, Alec Effinger
Not of Woman Born, authors: Constance Ash, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Patricia A. McKillip, Walter Jon Williams, Debra Doyle, James D. Macdonald, Kara Dalkey, Michael Armstrong, Richard Parks, Sage Walker, Susan Palwick, William F. Wu, Jack McDevitt, Janni Lee Simner, Robert Silverberg
Worlds Apart (Worlds 2), authors: Joe Haldeman
Train_man  Volume 3 (Train_man), authors: Hidenori Hara, Hitori Nakano
The Best American Mystery Stories 2004, authors: Nelson DeMille, Otto Penzler
Mystic River, authors: Dennis Lehane
Mystic River, authors: Dennis Lehane
Coronado: Stories, authors: Dennis Lehane
Prayers for Rain (Kenzie & Gennaro  #5), authors: Dennis Lehane
A Drink Before the War (Kenzie & Gennaro  #1), authors: Dennis Lehane
Shutter Island, authors: Dennis Lehane
The Best American Mystery Stories 2002, authors: James Ellroy, Otto Penzler, John Biguenet, Michael Connelly, Thomas H. Cook, Sean Doolittle, Brendan DuBois, David Edgerley Gates, Joe Gores, James Grady, Clark Howard, Stuart M. Kaminsky, Joe R. Lansdale, Michael Malone, Annette Meyers, Joyce Carol Oates, Robert B. Parker, F.X. Toole, Daniel Waterman, Scott Wolven, Fred Melton
The Black Dahlia (L.A. Quartet  #1), authors: James Ellroy
The Black Dahlia Files: The Mob  the Mogul  and the Murder That Transfixed Los Angeles, authors: Donald H. Wolfe
Corroborating Evidence: The Black Dahlia Murder, authors: William T. Rasmussen
Childhood Shadows: The Hidden Story of the Black Dahlia Murder, authors: Mary  Pacios
Triptych (Will Trent  #1), authors: Karin Slaughter
Blindsighted (Grant County  #1), authors: Karin Slaughter
Kisscut (Grant County  #2), authors: Karin Slaughter
Beyond Reach (Grant County  #6), authors: Karin Slaughter
A Faint Cold Fear (Grant County  #3), authors: Karin Slaughter
Faithless (Grant County  #5), authors: Karin Slaughter
Like A Charm, authors: Karin Slaughter, Peter Robinson, John Connolly, Denise Mina, Mark Billingham
Like a Charm, authors: Karin Slaughter, Denise Mina, John Harvey, Kelley Armstrong, John Connolly, Emma Donoghue, Jane Haddam, Laura Lippman, Peter Robinson, Fidelis Morgan, Peter Moore Smith, Lynda La Plante, Jerrilyn Farmer, Lee Child, Mark Billingham
The Enemy (Jack Reacher  #8), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
The Visitor (Jack Reacher  #4), authors: Lee Child, Hayward Morse, Garrick Hagon
Tripwire (Jack Reacher  #3), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
Killing Floor (Jack Reacher  #1), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
Without Fail (Jack Reacher  #6), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
The Enemy (Jack Reacher  #8), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
One Shot (Jack Reacher  #9), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
Bad Luck and Trouble (Jack Reacher  #11), authors: Lee Child
The Enemy (Jack Reacher  #8), authors: Lee Child
The Visitor (Jack Reacher  #4), authors: Lee Child, Hayward Morse
Echo Burning (Jack Reacher  #5), authors: Lee Child
Tripwire (Jack Reacher  #3), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
The Enemy (Jack Reacher  #8), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
Tripwire (Jack Reacher  #3), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
Tripwire (Jack Reacher  #3), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
The Enemy (Jack Reacher  #8), authors: Lee Child, Dick Hill
Blood on the Moon: The Assassination of Abraham Lincoln, authors: Edward Steers Jr.
The Blood of the Moon: Understanding the Historic Struggle Between Islam and Western Civilization, authors: George Grant
Blood on the Moon (Lloyd Hopkins  #1), authors: James Ellroy
Blood Moon Over Bengal, authors: Morag McKendrick Pippin
Blood Moon Over Britain, authors: Morag McKendrick Pippin
The Silent Gondoliers, authors: William Goldman
The Season: A Candid Look at Broadway, authors: William Goldman
Heat, authors: William Goldman
Tinsel, authors: William Goldman
William Goldman: Four Screenplays, authors: William Goldman
The Princess Bride, authors: William Goldman
Hype and Glory, authors: William Goldman, P. Gethers
La princesa prometida, authors: William Goldman
Boys and Girls Together, authors: William Goldman
Wait Till Next Year: The Story of a Season When What Should've Happened Didn't  and What Could've Gone Wrong Did, authors: William Goldman, Mike Lupica
The Princess Bride: S. Morgenstern's Classic Tale of True Love and High Adventure, authors: William Goldman
Creepers, authors: David Morrell
The Totem, authors: David Morrell
The League of Night and Fog (Mortalis  #3), authors: David Morrell
Scavenger (Frank Balenger  #2), authors: David Morrell
The Fraternity of the Stone (Mortalis  #2), authors: David Morrell
The Brotherhood of the Rose (Mortalis  #1), authors: David Morrell
The Protector (Cavanaugh #1), authors: David Morrell
Assumed Identity, authors: David Morrell
Double Image, authors: David Morrell
La Cinquième profession, authors: David Morrell
The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Stories  #1), authors: Bernard Cornwell, Jamie Glover
The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Stories  #1), authors: Bernard Cornwell, Tom Sellwood
The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Stories  #1), authors: Bernard Cornwell, Jamie Glover
Time To Hunt (Bob Lee Swagger  #3), authors: Stephen Hunter, Beau Bridges
Black Light (Bob Lee Swagger  #2), authors: Stephen Hunter, Beau Bridges
The Day Before Midnight, authors: Stephen Hunter, Philip Bosco
Hot Springs (Earl Swagger  #1), authors: Stephen Hunter, Jay O. Sanders
Point Of Impact (Bob Lee Swagger  #1), authors: Stephen Hunter, Beau Bridges
Dirty White Boys, authors: Stephen Hunter, Will Patten
Bevor es Nacht wird. Ein Leben in Havanna, authors: Reinaldo Arenas
The Book of the Dead  (Pendergast  #7; Diogenes  #3), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child, Scott Brick
Relic (Pendergast #1), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child
The Wheel of Darkness (Pendergast  #8), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child
Tyrannosaur Canyon, authors: Douglas Preston, Scott Sowers
Waterworks, authors: E.L. Doctorow, Sam Waterston
The Devil in the White City: Murder  Magic  and Madness at the Fair That Changed America, authors: Erik Larson, Tony Goldwyn
King Icahn, authors: Mark      Stevens, Carol Bloom Stevens
The Sicilian, authors: Mario Puzo
The Dark Arena, authors: Mario Puzo
Omerta, authors: Mario Puzo
Fools Die, authors: Mario Puzo
The Godfather, authors: Mario Puzo, Peter Bart, Robert Thompson
The Fortunate Pilgrim, authors: Mario Puzo
On the Road to Perdition — Oasis  Sanctuary  and Detour — (Road to Perdition  #2), authors: Max Allan Collins, José Luis García-López, Steve Lieber, Josef Rubinstein, Rob Leigh, Bob Lappan
Oasis (On the Road to Perdition  #1), authors: Max Allan Collins, Steve Lieber, Josef Rubinstein, Rob Leigh, José Luis García-López, Bob Lappan
Double Dealer (CSI: Crime Scene Investigation  #1), authors: Max Allan Collins, Mike Flaherty
The London Blitz Murders (Disaster Series  #5), authors: Max Allan Collins
The Last Quarry (Quarry #7), authors: Max Allan Collins
Snake Eyes (CSI: Crime Scene Investigation  #8), authors: Max Allan Collins
A Killing in Comics (Jack & Maggie Starr  #1), authors: Max Allan Collins, Terry Beatty
The War of the Worlds Murder (Disaster Series  #6), authors: Max Allan Collins
From a Buick 8, authors: Stephen King
The Michael Crichton Collection: Jurassic Park / The Lost World / The Andromeda Strain, authors: Michael Crichton, Chris Noth, Anthony Heald
Jurassic Park, authors: Michael Crichton
Binary, authors: John Lange
Un train d'or pour la Crimée, authors: Michael Crichton
The Voices of Morebath: Reformation and Rebellion in an English Village, authors: Eamon Duffy
Imperial Life in the Emerald City: Inside Iraq's Green Zone, authors: Rajiv Chandrasekaran
The Coming Economic Collapse: How You Can Thrive When Oil Costs $200 a Barrel, authors: Stephen Leeb, Glen C. Strathy
Betrayal of Trust: The Collapse of Global Public Health, authors: Laurie Garrett, Steven M. Wolinsky
Crash Proof: How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse, authors: Peter D. Schiff, John Downes
Patriots (The Coming Collapse), authors: James Wesley, Rawles
The World  the Text  and the Critic, authors: Edward W. Said
Culture and Imperialism, authors: Edward W. Said
La economía Long Tail, authors: Chris Anderson, Federico Villegas Silva Lezama
Prioritizing Web Usability, authors: Jakob Nielsen, Hoa Loranger
Homepage Usability: 50 Websites Deconstructed, authors: Jakob Nielsen, Marie Tahir
Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman, authors: Yvon Chouinard
And Then There Were None, authors: Agatha Christie, Hugh Fraser
The Wild Trees: A Story of Passion and Daring, authors: Richard   Preston
The Boat of Dreams: A Christmas Story, authors: Richard   Preston, George Henry Jennings
Strange Pilgrims, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Doce cuentos peregrinos, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Would I Lie to You (Gossip Girl  #10), authors: Cecily von Ziegesar
Gossip Girl (Gossip Girl  #1), authors: Cecily von Ziegesar
All I Want is Everything (Gossip Girl  #3), authors: Cecily von Ziegesar
You're the One That I Want (Gossip Girl  #6), authors: Cecily von Ziegesar
The Zero, authors: Jess Walter
Zero: The Biography of a Dangerous Idea, authors: Charles Seife
Zero Debt: The Ultimate Guide to Financial Freedom, authors: Lynnette Khalfani
The Hunt for Zero Point: Inside the Classified World of Antigravity Technology, authors: Nick Cook
Year Zero, authors: Jeff Long
Count Zero (Sprawl  #2), authors: William Gibson
Triple Zero  (Star Wars: Republic Commando  #2), authors: Karen Traviss
Bravo Two Zero, authors: Andy McNab
This Lullaby, authors: Sarah Dessen
Lullabies for Little Criminals, authors: Heather O'Neill
Hush! A Thai Lullaby, authors: Minfong Ho, Holly Meade
Lullaby Town (Elvis Cole  #3), authors: Robert Crais
The Iliad (SparkNotes Literature Guides), authors: SparkNotes, Homer
The Iliad, authors: Homer
The Princess Bride (Long  Tall Texans  #15), authors: Diana Palmer
The Sultan's Bought Bride  (Princess Brides  #1), authors: Jane Porter
The Sheik & the Princess Bride (Desert Rogues  #8), authors: Susan   Mallery
The Prince Kidnaps a Bride (Lost Princesses  #3), authors: Christina Dodd
Stargirl (Stargirl  #1), authors: Jerry Spinelli
Love  Stargirl (Stargirl  #2), authors: Jerry Spinelli
Stargirl LitPlans on CD, authors: Mary B. Collins
Son of the Mob (Son of the Mob  #1), authors: Gordon Korman
Hollywood Hustle (Son of the Mob  #2), authors: Gordon Korman
For the Sins of My Father: A Mafia Killer  His Son  and the Legacy of a Mob Life, authors: Albert Demeo, Mary Jane Ross
El ojo de fuego, authors: Lewis Perdue
Neptune Noir: Unauthorized Investigations into Veronica Mars, authors: Rob Thomas, Leah Wilson, Heather Havrilesky, Amy Berner, Lynne Edwards, John  Ramos, Alafair Burke, Chris McCubbin, Lawrence Watt-Evans, Lani Diane Rich, Geoff Klock, Judy Fitzwater, Evelyn Vaughn, Joyce Millman, Amanda Ann Klein, Kristen Kidder, Jesse Hassenger, Gwen Ellery, Misty Hook, Samantha Bornemann
The Soloist, authors: Nicholas Christopher
Kenang-Kenangan Seorang Geisha (Memoirs of a Geisha), authors: Arthur Golden
Memoirs of a Geisha, authors: Arthur Golden
Survivor, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Diary, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Rant, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Clown Girl, authors: Monica Drake, Chuck Palahniuk
Choke, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Haunted, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Fugitives and Refugees: A Walk in Portland  Oregon, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Haunted, authors: Chuck Palahniuk, Erik Darling, Arthur Morey, Scott Brick, Lorna Raver, Marc Cashman, Kimberly Farr, Renee Randman
Nonfiction, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Haunted, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Survivant, authors: Chuck Palahniuk, Freddy Michalski
Fantasmas, authors: Chuck Palahniuk, Javier Calvo
Error humano, authors: Chuck Palahniuk, Javier Calvo
Life After God, authors: Douglas Coupland
City of Glass: Douglas Coupland's Vancouver, authors: Douglas Coupland
Terry: Terry Fox and His Marathon of Hope, authors: Douglas Coupland
All Families Are Psychotic, authors: Douglas Coupland
Shampoo Planet, authors: Douglas Coupland
All Tomorrow's Parties (Bridge  #3), authors: William Gibson
Spook Country (Blue Ant  #2), authors: William Gibson
Burning Chrome (Sprawl  #0), authors: William Gibson, Bruce Sterling, Jonathan Davis, Dennis Holland, Kevin Pariseau, Victor Bevine, Jay Snyder, Brian Nishil, L.J. Ganser, Oliver Wyman, Eric Michael Summerer, Marc Vietor
Idoru (Bridge #2), authors: William Gibson
Virtual Light (Bridge  #1), authors: William Gibson
Stable Strategies and Others, authors: Eileen Gunn, Howard Waldrop, William Gibson
Cyberpunk and Cyberculture: Science Fiction and the Work of William Gibson, authors: Dani Cavallaro
The Neil Gaiman Audio Collection, authors: Neil Gaiman
The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish, authors: Neil Gaiman, Dave McKean
Death: The Time of Your Life (Death of the Endless  #2), authors: Neil Gaiman, Chris Bachalo, Mark Buckingham, Mark Pennington, Claire Danes
Creatures of the Night, authors: Neil Gaiman, Michael Zulli
New X-Men  Volume 4: Riot at Xavier's, authors: Grant Morrison, Frank Quitely
The Invisibles  Volume 1: Say You Want a Revolution, authors: Grant Morrison, Steve Yeowell, Jill Thompson, Dennis Cramer, Peter Milligan
The Mystery Play, authors: Grant Morrison, Jon J. Muth
Kid Eternity, authors: Grant Morrison, Duncan Fegredo
New X-Men  Volume 1: E Is for Extinction, authors: Grant Morrison, Frank Quitely
Seven Soldiers of Victory  Volume 1, authors: Grant Morrison, Ryan Sook, Mick Gray, Frazer Irving, J.H. Williams III, Simone Bianchi, Cameron Stewart
Doom Patrol  Vol. 1: Crawling from the Wreckage (Doom Patrol  #1), authors: Grant Morrison, Richard Case, Doug Braithwaite, Scott Hanna, Carlos Garzon, John Nyberg
The Filth, authors: Grant Morrison, Chris Weston, Gary Erskine
Doom Patrol  Vol. 5: Magic Bus, authors: Grant Morrison, Richard Case, Ken Steacy, Stan Woch, Philip Bond, Mark McKenna, Scott Hanna
JLA  Vol. 1: New World Order, authors: Grant Morrison, Howard Porter, John Dell
Batman: Gothic, authors: Grant Morrison, Klaus Janson
JLA: Earth 2, authors: Grant Morrison, Frank Quitely
New X-Men: Omnibus, authors: Grant Morrison, Marc Silvestri, Chris Bachalo, John Paul Leon, Frank Quitely, Leinil Francis Yu, Igor Kordey, Ethan Van Sciver, Keron Grant, Tom Derenick, Phil Jimenez
Superfolks, authors: Robert  Mayer, Grant Morrison
Kill Your Boyfriend, authors: Grant Morrison, Philip Bond, D'Israeli, Daniel Vozzo
Batman: Arkham Asylum - A Serious House on Serious Earth, authors: Grant Morrison, Dave McKean
JLA: Tierra 2, authors: Grant Morrison, Frank Quitely, Rafael De la Iglesia
Doom Patrol  Vol. 4: Musclebound, authors: Grant Morrison, Richard Case, Mike Dringenberg, Mark McKenna, Jamie Hewlett, Steve Yeowell, Rian Hughes
New X-Men  Volume 7: Here Comes Tomorrow, authors: Grant Morrison, Marc Silvestri
The Invisibles  Vol. 7: The Invisible Kingdom, authors: Grant Morrison, Philip Bond, Warren Pleece, Sean Phillips, Jay Stephens, Frank Quitely, Steve Yeowell
The Invisibles  Vol. 3: Entropy in the U.K., authors: Grant Morrison, Phil Jimenez, John Stokes, Tommy Lee Edwards, Paul Johnson, Steve Yeowell, Dick Giordano, Mark Buckingham, Mark Pennington
Invisible, authors: Pete Hautman
The Invisibles  Vol. 4: Bloody Hell in America, authors: Grant Morrison, Phil Jimenez, John Stokes
The Invisibles  Vol. 6: Kissing Mister Quimper, authors: Grant Morrison, Chris Weston, Ivan Reis
Invisible Residents: The Reality of Underwater UFOs, authors: Ivan T. Sanderson, David Hatcher Childress
The Invisibles  Vol. 5: Counting to None, authors: Grant Morrison, Phil Jimenez, John Stokes
The Invisible Heart: An Economic Romance, authors: Russell Roberts, Russ Roberts
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 2: Lust for Life, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 3: Year of the Bastard, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson, Rodney Ramos
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 5: Lonely City, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson, Rodney Ramos, Patrick Stewart
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 4: The New Scum, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson, Rodney Ramos, Keith Akin
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 8: Dirge, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson, Rodney Ramos
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 10: One More Time, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson, Rodney Ramos
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 9: The Cure, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson, Rodney Ramos
Transmetropolitan  Vol. 7: Spider's Thrash, authors: Warren Ellis, Darick Robertson, Rodney Ramos, Darren Aronofsky
Created in Darkness by Troubled Americans: The Best of McSweeney's Humor Category, authors: Dave Eggers, Kevin Shay, Lee Epstein, Suzanne Kleid, McSweeney's Publishing
The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space  Time and the Texture of Reality, authors: Brian Greene
The Meaning of Relativity (Science Library), authors: Albert Einstein, Brian Greene
The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space  Time and the Texture of Reality, authors: Brian Greene
Underground! The Disinformation Guide to Ancient Civilizations  Astonishing Archaeology and Hidden History, authors: Preston Peet
Under the Influence: The Disinformation Guide to Drugs, authors: Preston Peet
You are Being Lied To: The Disinformation Guide to Media Distortion  Historical Whitewashes  and Cultural Myths, authors: Russ Kick
The Origin of Species, authors: Charles Darwin, Philip Appleman
Red Herrings and White Elephants: The Origins of the Phrases We Use Every Day, authors: Albert Jack, Ann Page
The Origin of Species, authors: Charles Darwin, Julian Huxley
The Origin of Species, authors: Charles Darwin
The Origin of Satan: How Christians Demonized Jews  Pagans and Heretics, authors: Elaine Pagels
Discourse on the Origin of Inequality, authors: Jean-Jacques Rousseau
On the Origins of War and the Preservation of Peace, authors: Donald Kagan
The Origins of Totalitarianism, authors: Hannah Arendt
The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind, authors: Julian Jaynes
Final Fantasy Origins - Official Strategy Guide, authors: Casey Loe, Laura Parkinson
Social Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy: Lord and Peasant in the Making of the Modern World, authors: Barrington Moore Jr., James C. Scott, Edward Friedman
Smithsonian Intimate Guide to Human Origins, authors: Carl Zimmer
Economic Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy, authors: Daron Acemoğlu, James A. Robinson
African Origins of the Major "Western Religions, authors: Yosef A.A. Ben-Jochannan
The Origins of the Civil Rights Movements: Black Communities Organizing for Change, authors: Aldon D. Morris
The Origin of the Bible, authors: F.F. Bruce, Philip W. Comfort, Carl F.H. Henry, J.I. Packer
Country of Origin, authors: Don  Lee
The Making of a Philosopher: My Journey Through Twentieth-Century Philosophy, authors: Colin McGinn
The Beatles and Philosophy: Nothing You Can Think that Can't Be Thunk, authors: Michael Baur, Steven Baur, James S. Spiegel
The Gospel According to the Beatles, authors: Steve Turner
JPod, authors: Douglas Coupland
Hairstyles of the Damned, authors: Joe Meno
Just Visiting This Planet: Merlin Answers More Questions about Everything Under the Sun  Moon  and Stars, authors: Neil deGrasse Tyson, Stephen Tyson
Merlin's Tour of the Universe, authors: Neil deGrasse Tyson
Death by Black Hole: And Other Cosmic Quandaries, authors: Neil deGrasse Tyson
Tales from the Dark Tower, authors: Joseph Vargo, Christine Filipak, Eric Muss-Barnes, Jalone J. Haessig, Joseph Iorillo, Robert Michaels, Russell Novotny, James Pipik
The Dark Tower (The Dark Tower #7), authors: Stephen King
The Gunslinger, authors: Stephen King
Gunslinger Girl  Vol. 1, authors: Yu Aida, Hiroshi Aida
Gunslinger, authors: Ed Dorn
Wasteland of Flint, authors: Thomas Harlan
Cities in Dust (Wasteland #1), authors: Antony Johnston, Christopher Mitten
Slim to None: A Journey Through the Wasteland of Anorexia Treatment, authors: Jennifer Hendricks, Gordon Hendricks
Sit  Walk  Stand, authors: Watchman Nee
Prayers for the Assassin (Assassin Trilogy #1), authors: Robert Ferrigno
Voices From the Street, authors: Philip K. Dick
The Minority Report: 18 Classic Stories, authors: Philip K. Dick, James Tiptree Jr.
Flow My Tears  the Policeman Said, authors: Philip K. Dick
The Crack in Space, authors: Philip K. Dick
Ubik, authors: Philip K. Dick, David Alabort, Manuel Espín
The Best of Philip K. Dick, authors: Philip K. Dick, John Brunner
Vulcan's Hammer, authors: Philip K. Dick
Carly's Sound, authors: Ali Vali
The System of Objects, authors: Jean Baudrillard, James Benedict
The Intelligence of Evil or the Lucidity Pact, authors: Jean Baudrillard, Chris     Turner
Introducing Baudrillard, authors: Chris Horrocks, Zoran Jevtić
Existentialism and Human Emotions, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre
Nausea, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre, James  Wood, Robert Baldick
From Socrates to Sartre: The Philosophic Quest, authors: T.Z. Lavine
The Trial and Death of Socrates (Euthyphro  Apology  Crito  Phaedo (death scene only)), authors: Plato, G.M.A. Grube, John M. Cooper
The Trial of Queen Caroline: The Scandalous Affair that Nearly Ended a Monarchy, authors: Jane Robins
Bookends, authors: Jane Green
Jemima J.: For those who love Faking Friends and My Sweet Revenge by Jane Fallon, authors: Jane Green
Open House, authors: Elizabeth Berg
Feeling Better  Getting Better  Staying Better: Profound Self-Help Therapy for Your Emotions, authors: Albert Ellis
American Sphinx: The Character of Thomas Jefferson, authors: Joseph J. Ellis
Line Of Vision, authors: David Ellis
The Other Woman, authors: Jane Green
No Other Woman (No Other  #2), authors: Shannon Drake
The Other Woman (Dundee  Idaho  #7), authors: Brenda Novak
The Other Woman, authors: Ann  O'Leary
Sins of a Shaker Summer (Sister Rose Callahan  #3), authors: Deborah Woodworth
InuYasha Ani-Manga  Vol. 1 (Inuyasha Ani-Manga  #1), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Pusteblume, authors: Marian Keyes
¿Quién te lo ha contado?, authors: Marian Keyes
Une vie de rêve, authors: Marian Keyes
Por los pelos, authors: Marian Keyes
Under the Duvet, authors: Marian Keyes
Rachel se va de viaje (La familia Walsh  #2), authors: Marian Keyes
Yeats ist tot!, authors: Joseph O'Connor, Diethard Herles, Pauline McLynn, Gerard Stembridge, Frank McCourt, Conor McPherson, Gene Kerrigan, Gina Moxley, Marian Keyes, Anthony Cronin, Owen O'Neill, Hugo Hamilton, Charlie O'Neill, Tom Humphries, Donal O'Kelly
Le Club de la dernière chance, authors: Marian Keyes
Les vacances de Rachel (Walsh Family  #2), authors: Marian Keyes, Roxane Azimi
Rachel se va de viaje (La familia Walsh  #2), authors: Marian Keyes
Auszeit für Engel Walsh Family  #3), authors: Marian Keyes
Open House, authors: Elizabeth Berg
Slightly Settled (Slightly  #2), authors: Wendy Markham
犬夜叉 8, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 7, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 24, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 28, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 4, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 22, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 26, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 12, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 17, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 14, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 10, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉 1, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
犬夜叉  27, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
The Return of Lum  Volume 3: Sweet Revenge (Urusei Yatsura  #4), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
The Return of Lum  Volume 5: Feudal Furor (Urusei Yatsura  #6), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Lamu: Urusei Yatsura  3, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
The Return of Lum  Volume 1: Urusei Yatsura (Urusei Yatsura  #2), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Lum: Urusei Yatsura. Perfect Collection (Urusei Yatsura  #1), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
らんま½ 12, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Ranma 1/2  Vol. 12 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #12), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Your and My Secret  Vol. 1, authors: Ai Morinaga
A Man Rides Through (Mordant's Need  #2), authors: Stephen R. Donaldson
The One Tree (The Second Chronicles of Thomas Covenant  #2), authors: Stephen R. Donaldson
The Gap Into Madness: Chaos and Order (Gap  #4), authors: Stephen R. Donaldson
The Gap Into Vision: Forbidden Knowledge (Gap  #2), authors: Stephen R. Donaldson
The One Tree (The Second Chronicles of Thomas Covenant  #2), authors: Stephen R. Donaldson
The Gap Into Power: A Dark and Hungry God Arises (Gap  #3), authors: Stephen R. Donaldson
Pretty Face  Vol. 1, authors: Yasuhiro Kano
Not Just a Pretty Face: Dolls and Human Figurines in Alaska Native Cultures, authors: Molly C. Lee, Angela J. Linn, Chase Hensel, James H. Barker
Just Another Pretty Face (Hollywood Dynasty  #2), authors: Candace Schuler
Skylight Confessions, authors: Alice Hoffman
The Foretelling, authors: Alice Hoffman
Incantation, authors: Alice Hoffman
Practical Magic (Practical Magic #1), authors: Alice Hoffman
The Probable Future, authors: Alice Hoffman
The Complete Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Nahum N. Glatzer, John Updike, Willa Muir, Edwin Muir, Tania Stern, James Stern, Ernst Kaiser, Eithne Wilkins
Amerika, authors: Franz Kafka, Willa Muir, Edwin Muir, Klaus Mann, E.L. Doctorow
Collected Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Willa Muir, Edwin Muir, Gabriel Josipovici
Kafka: Toward a Minor Literature, authors: Gilles Deleuze, Félix Guattari, Franz Kafka
The Annotated Brothers Grimm, authors: Jacob Grimm, Wilhelm Grimm, Maria Tatar, A.S. Byatt, George Cruikshank, Paul Hey, Walter Crane, Warwick Goble, Kay Nielsen, Arthur Rackham
The Complete Brothers Grimm Fairy Tales, authors: Jacob Grimm, Wilhelm Grimm
The Complete Fairy Tales of The Brothers Grimm, authors: Jacob Grimm, Wilhelm Grimm, Jack D. Zipes, Johnny Gruelle
Beyond Innocence (Beyond Duet  #1), authors: Emma Holly
Emma  Vol. 01, authors: Kaoru Mori, 森 薫
Drum Into Silence (Drums of Chaos  #3), authors: Jo Clayton, Kevin Andrew Murphy
Dance Down the Stars (Duel of Sorcery: Dancer  #3), authors: Jo Clayton
Drum Calls (Drums of Chaos  #2), authors: Jo Clayton
Fire in the Sky (Diadem: Shadowsong  #1), authors: Jo Clayton
Quester's Endgame, authors: Jo Clayton
Shadowkill (Diadem: Shadith's Quest  #3), authors: Jo Clayton, Jo Clayton
Lidia's Family Table, authors: Lidia Matticchio Bastianich, David Nussbaum, Christopher Hirsheimer
Lidia's Italy, authors: Lidia Matticchio Bastianich, Tanya Bastianich Manuali, David Nussbaum, Christopher Hirsheimer
La Cucina Di Lidia: Recipes and Memories from Italy's Adriatic Coast, authors: Lidia Matticchio Bastianich, Jay Jacobs
Blood Wedding and Yerma, authors: Federico García Lorca, W.S. Merwin, Langston Hughes
Selected Verse, authors: Federico García Lorca, Christopher Maurer
Operation Wandering Soul, authors: Richard Powers
Galatea 2.2, authors: Richard Powers
Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance, authors: Richard Powers
Christian Theology: An Introduction, authors: Alister E. McGrath
The Time of Our Singing, authors: Richard Powers
The Christian Theology Reader, authors: Alister E. McGrath
Prisoner's Dilemma, authors: Richard Powers
In the Beginning: The Story of the King James Bible and How it Changed a Nation  a Language  and a Culture, authors: Alister E. McGrath
Gain, authors: Richard Powers
Presidential Power and the Modern Presidents: The Politics of Leadership from Roosevelt to Reagan, authors: Richard E. Neustadt
The Grotesque, authors: Patrick McGrath
Port Mungo, authors: Patrick McGrath
Entre Amis: An Interactive Approach, authors: Michael D. Oates, Larbi Oukada
Experience, authors: Martin Amis
Heavy Water and Other Stories, authors: Martin Amis
Visiting Mrs Nabokov and Other Excursions, authors: Martin Amis
Intimacy And Other Stories, authors: Hanif Kureishi
The Buddha of Suburbia, authors: Hanif Kureishi
Image-Music-Text, authors: Roland Barthes, Stephen Heath
Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography, authors: Roland Barthes, Richard Howard
The Fashion System, authors: Roland Barthes, Matthew    Ward, Richard Howard
The Responsibility of Forms: Critical Essays on Music  Art  and Representation, authors: Roland Barthes, Richard Howard
The Pleasure of the Text, authors: Roland Barthes, Richard Miller
How to Travel with a Salmon & Other Essays, authors: Umberto Eco, William Weaver
How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays, authors: Umberto Eco, William Weaver
Le Nom de la rose, authors: Umberto Eco, Jean-Noël Schifano
Os libros arden mal, authors: Manuel Rivas
The Age of Access: The New Culture of Hypercapitalism  Where All of Life Is a Paid-For Experience, authors: Jeremy Rifkin, Ralph Fowler
The Book of Questions, authors: Pablo Neruda, William O'Daly
Bugs for Lunch/Insectos para el almuerzo, authors: Margery Facklam, Sylvia Long, Liliana Valenzuela
My Story as told by Water: Confessions  Druidic Rants  Reflections  Bird-watchings  Fish-stalkings  Visions  Songs and Prayers Refracting Light  from Living Rivers  in the Age of the Industrial Dark, authors: David James Duncan
Pilgrims and Other Stories, authors: Elizabeth Gilbert
The Last American Man, authors: Elizabeth Gilbert
Pilgrims Pa, authors: Elizabeth Gilbert
Stern Men, authors: Elizabeth Gilbert
A Writer's Workbook: Daily Exercises for the Writing Life, authors: Caroline Sharp, Elizabeth Gilbert
Size 14 Is Not Fat Either (Heather Wells  #2), authors: Meg Cabot
Missing You (1-800-Where-R-You  #5), authors: Meg Cabot
Queen of Babble (Queen of Babble  #1), authors: Meg Cabot
Size 12 Is Not Fat (Heather Wells  #1), authors: Meg Cabot
How to Be Popular, authors: Meg Cabot
Valentine Princess (The Princess Diaries  #7.75), authors: Meg Cabot
Darkest Hour (The Mediator  #4), authors: Meg Cabot
She Went All the Way, authors: Meg Cabot
Are We There Yet?, authors: David Levithan
Boy Meets Boy, authors: David Levithan
This Is Push: New Stories from the Edge, authors: David Levithan, Patricia McCormick, Matthue Roth, Kevin Waltman, Samantha Schutz, Coe Booth, Eddie de Oliveira, Tanuja Desai Hidier, Kevin Brooks, Chris Wooding, Markus Zusak, Brian James, Kristen Kemp, Eireann Corrigan, Christopher Krovatin, Billy Merrell
The Realm of Possibility, authors: David Levithan
Ten Things I Hate about You, authors: David Levithan
Where We Are  What We See: The Best Young Writers and Artists in America, authors: David Levithan
Aphrodite's Passion (Superhero Central #2), authors: Julie Kenner
The Manolo Matrix (Codebreaker Trilogy #2), authors: Julie Kenner
The Cat's Fancy, authors: Julie Kenner
Demons Are Forever (Demon-Hunting Soccer Mom  #3), authors: Julie Kenner
Aphrodite's Secret (Superhero Central #3), authors: Julie Kenner
The Good Ghouls' Guide to Getting Even (Beth Frasier #1), authors: Julie Kenner
Aphrodite's Flame (Superhero Central #4), authors: Julie Kenner
Carpe Demon (Demon-Hunting Soccer Mom  #1), authors: Julie Kenner
Perfect Circle, authors: Sean Stewart
The Great Philosophers: An Introduction to Western Philosophy, authors: Bryan Magee, Myles Burnyeat, Martha C. Nussbaum, Anthony Kenny, Bernard Williams, Anthony Quinton, Michael  Ayres, John Passmore, Geoffrey Warnock, Peter Singer, Frederick Charles Copleston, J. P. Stern, Hubert L. Dreyfus, Sidney Morgenbesser, A.J. Ayer, John Rogers Searle
Talking Philosophy: Dialogues with Fifteen Leading Philosophers, authors: Bryan Magee, Isaiah Berlin, Charles Taylor, Herbert Marcuse, William Barrett, Anthony Quinton, A.J. Ayer, Bernard Williams, R. M. Hare, Willard Van Orman Quine, John Rogers Searle, Noam Chomsky, Hilary Putnam, Ronald Dworkin, Iris Murdoch, Ernest Gellner
The Story of Philosophy: A Concise Introduction to the World's Greatest Thinkers and Their Ideas, authors: Bryan Magee
Feminist Measures: Soundings in Poetry and Theory, authors: Lynn Keller, Lynn Keller
Taxation of Mineral Rents, authors: Ross Garnaut
Dubliners, authors: James Joyce, Margot Norris, Hans Walter Gabler, Walter Hettche
Dubliners: Text  Criticism  and Notes, authors: James Joyce, Robert Scholes, A. Walton Litz
Dubliners, authors: James Joyce, Frank McCourt, Donal Donnelly, Ciaran Hinds, Colm Meaney, Malachy McCourt
CliffsNotes on Joyce's Dubliners (Cliffs Notes), authors: Adam  Sexton, G. Tubach
The Door to Time (Ulysses Moore  #1), authors: Pierdomenico Baccalario, Iacopo Bruno, Laura Zuccotti, Leah D. Janeczko, Beth Dunfey
Ulysses S. Grant: The Unlikely Hero, authors: Michael Korda
Ulysses S. Grant, authors: Josiah Bunting, Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
Allusions in Ulysses: An Annotated List, authors: Weldon Thornton
Ulysses Found, authors: Ernle Bradford
The Scandal of Ulysses: The Life And Afterlife of a Twentieth Century Masterpiece, authors: Bruce Arnold
Round Ireland with a Fridge, authors: Tony Hawks
Discovery of the Presence of God: Devotional Nonduality, authors: David R. Hawkins
Transcending the Levels of Consciousness: The Stairway to Enlightenment, authors: David R. Hawkins
The Eye of the I: From Which Nothing is Hidden, authors: David R. Hawkins
Letters to J. D. Salinger, authors: Chris Kubica, Chris Kubica
J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye (Modern Critical Interpretations), authors: Harold Bloom
Lord of the Flies, authors: William Golding
Where Is Baby's Mommy? (A Lift-the-Flap Book), authors: Karen Katz
Counting Christmas, authors: Karen Katz
Running from the Deity (Pip & Flinx #11), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Lost and Found, authors: Alan Dean Foster
Reunion (Pip & Flinx #8), authors: Alan Dean Foster
The Dig, authors: Alan Dean Foster
Regarding the Fountain: A Tale  in Letters  of Liars and Leaks, authors: Kate Klise, M. Sarah Klise
Pimsleur German Level 1 CD: [Lessons 1-30], authors: Pimsleur Language Programs
The Architecture of Happiness, authors: Alain de Botton
The Consolations of Philosophy, authors: Alain de Botton
How Proust Can Change Your Life, authors: Alain de Botton
Kiss & Tell, authors: Alain de Botton
The Consolations of Philosophy, authors: Alain de Botton
Status Anxiety, authors: Alain de Botton
On Love, authors: Alain de Botton
Miracle at St. Anna, authors: James   McBride
Die Farbe von Wasser, authors: James   McBride
Dragons of Winter Night (Dragonlance: Chronicles #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Dragons of Winter Night (Dragonlance: Chronicles  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Dragon's Treasure, authors: Elizabeth A. Lynn
Watchtower (Chronicles of Tornor  #1), authors: Elizabeth A. Lynn
Letters to a Young Artist, authors: Anna Deavere Smith
The Hip Chick's Guide to Macrobiotics: A Philosophy for Achieving a Radiant Mind and a Fabulous Body, authors: Jessica Porter, Michio Kushi
La casa en Mango Street, authors: Sandra Cisneros, Elena Poniatowska
Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle (Modern Critical Interpretations), authors: Harold Bloom, Terry Southern, David H. Goldsmith, James Lundquist, Lawrence R. Broer, Peter J. Reed, Loree Rackstraw, William S. Doxey, Jerome Klinkowitz, Richard Giannone, John L. Simons, Leonard Mustazza, Zoltan Ab di-Nagy, Peter Freese, Wendy B. Faris
The Dharma Bums, authors: Jack Kerouac, Ann  Douglas
The Alchemist's Daughter, authors: Katharine McMahon
The Art of Fullmetal Alchemist: The Anime, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe, Eric Searleman
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 11 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #11), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Astronomy Today, authors: Eric Chaisson, Steve McMillan
Astronomy For Dummies, authors: Stephen P. Maran
Astronomy: A Self-Teaching Guide, authors: Dinah L. Moché
Astronomy: A Beginner's Guide to the Universe, authors: Eric Chaisson, Steve McMillan
Bad Astronomy, authors: Philip Plait
The Complete World of Greek Mythology, authors: Richard Buxton
Mythology: Timeless Tales of Gods and Heroes, authors: Edith Hamilton
Mythology, authors: Edith Hamilton, Steele Savage
Mythology: The DC Comics Art of Alex Ross, authors: Alex Ross, Geoff Spear, Chip Kidd
Norse Mythology: A Guide to the Gods  Heroes  Rituals  and Beliefs, authors: John Lindow
Classic Myths to Read Aloud: The Great Stories of Greek and Roman Mythology  Specially Arranged for Children Five and Up by an Educational Expert, authors: William F. Russell
Snapshots From Hell: The Making Of An MBA, authors: Peter M. Robinson
Watchmen on the Walls, authors: Hannah Hurnard
America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction  (Teacher's Edition), authors: Jon   Stewart, Scott C. Jacobson
The Children's Book of America, authors: William J. Bennett, Michael Hague
The Journal of Scott Pendleton Collins: A World War 2 Soldier, authors: Walter Dean Myers
The New Big Book of America, authors: Todd Davis, Marc Frey
Awake in the Dark: The Best of Roger Ebert, authors: Roger Ebert, David Bordwell
Ebert's "Bigger" Little Movie Glossary, authors: Roger Ebert, Ray Ebert
The Perfect London Walk, authors: Roger Ebert, Daniel Curley, Jack Lane
The Truth with Jokes, authors: Al Franken
Lies & the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair & Balanced Look at the Right, authors: Al Franken
Still More George W. Bushisms: "Neither in French nor in English nor in Mexican, authors: Jacob Weisberg, Al Franken
You're Good Enough  You're Smart Enough  & Doggone It  People Like You!, authors: Al Franken
I'm Good Enough  I'm Smart Enough  & Doggone It  People Like Me!, authors: Al Franken, Melody Beattie, Stuart Smalley
J.R.R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator, authors: Wayne G. Hammond, Christina Scull, J.R.R. Tolkien
The J.R.R. Tolkien Companion and Guide, authors: Christina Scull, Wayne G. Hammond
The Children of Húrin, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien, Alan  Lee
Tales Before Tolkien: The Roots of Modern Fantasy, authors: Douglas A. Anderson, Frank R. Stockton, Ludwig Tieck, Richard Garnett, H. Rider Haggard, Andrew Lang, William Hope Hodgson, E.A. Wyke-Smith, David  Lindsay, Clemence Housman, George MacDonald, Arthur Machen, A. Merritt, L. Frank Baum, Kenneth Morris, William Morris, James Branch Cabell, Lord Dunsany, Francis Stevens, E.H. Knatchbull-Hugessen, E. Nesbit
The J.R.R. Tolkien Companion and Guide  Volume 1: Chronology, authors: Christina Scull, Wayne G. Hammond
Sauron Defeated: The History of The Lord of the Rings  Part Four (The History of Middle-Earth  #9), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The J.R.R. Tolkien Companion and Guide  Volume 2: Reader's Guide, authors: Wayne G. Hammond, Wayne G. Hammond
Tales from the Perilous Realm, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien
Tolkien: Man and Myth: A Literary Life, authors: Joseph Pearce
Roverandom, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christina Scull, Wayne G. Hammond
The History of Middle-Earth Index (The History of Middle-Earth  #13), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The Lost Road and Other Writings (The History of Middle-earth  #5), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
Tolkien's Modern Middle Ages, authors: Jane Chance, Alfred Siewers
Understanding The Lord of the Rings: The Best of Tolkien Criticism, authors: Rose A. Zimbardo, Neil D. Isaacs
Faërie, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Francis Ledoux
The Hobbit  or  There and Back Again, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Alan  Lee
Ranma 1/2  Vol. 36 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #36), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Ranma ½  Vol. 1 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #1), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Ranma 1/2  Vol. 35 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #35), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Ranma 1/2  Vol. 34 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #34), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Ranma 1/2  Vol. 7 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #7), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Mermaid Saga  Vol. 2, authors: Rumiko Takahashi
The Mermaids Singing, authors: Lisa Carey
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 15 (Maison Ikkoku  #15), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 14 (Maison Ikkoku  #14), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 12 (Maison Ikkoku  #12), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 5 (Maison Ikkoku  #5), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 6 (Maison Ikkoku  #6), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 11 (Maison Ikkoku  #11), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 9 (Maison Ikkoku  #9), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Rumic World Trilogy  Volume 3 (Rumic World Trilogy  #3), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  Vol. 4 (Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  #4), authors: Hayao Miyazaki, David Lewis, Toren Smith, Kaori Inoue, Joe Yamazaki, Walden Wong, Izumi Evers
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  Vol. 6 (Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  #6), authors: Hayao Miyazaki, Matt Thorn, Kaori Inoue, Joe Yamazaki, Walden Wong, Izumi Evers
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  Vol. 5 (Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  #5), authors: Hayao Miyazaki, Matt Thorn, Kaori Inoue, Joe Yamazaki, Walden Wong, Izumi Evers
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  Vol. 7 (Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind  #7), authors: Hayao Miyazaki, Matt Thorn, Kaori Inoue, Joe Yamazaki, Walden Wong, Izumi Evers
Nausicaä De La Vallée Du Vent  Tome 4, authors: Hayao Miyazaki
Nausicaä de la vallée du vent  tome 3, authors: Hayao Miyazaki
Homer's Daughter, authors: Robert Graves
The Absolute Sandman  Volume One, authors: Neil Gaiman, Mike Dringenberg, Chris Bachalo, Michael Zulli, Kelly Jones, Charles Vess, Colleen Doran, Malcolm Jones III, Steve Parkhouse, Daniel Vozzo, Lee Loughridge, Steve Oliff, Todd Klein, Dave McKean, Sam Kieth
Preludes & Nocturnes (The Sandman  #1), authors: Neil Gaiman, Sam Kieth, Mike Dringenberg, Malcolm Jones III, Todd Klein, Karen  Berger
Berlin Diary: The Journal of a Foreign Correspondent 1934-1941, authors: William L. Shirer, Gordon A. Craig
This Is Berlin: Reporting from Nazi Germany 1938-40, authors: William L. Shirer, John Keegan, Inga Shirer Dean
The Nightmare Years: 1930-40 (20th Century Journey  #2), authors: William L. Shirer
The Collapse of the Third Republic, authors: William L. Shirer
Something Borrowed (Darcy & Rachel  #1), authors: Emily Giffin
Something Borrowed  Something Blue, authors: Elaine Barbieri, Constance O'Banyon, Evelyn Rogers, Bobbi Smith
The Major Plays, authors: Anton Chekhov, Ann Dunnigan, Rosamund Bartlett, Robert Brustein
The Complete Plays, authors: Anton Chekhov, Laurence Senelick
Anton Chekhov's Selected Plays, authors: Anton Chekhov, Laurence Senelick
Short Stories, authors: Anton Chekhov, Ralph E. Matlaw
Ward No. 6 and Other Stories, authors: Anton Chekhov, David Plante, Constance Garnett
The Dark Descent, authors: David G. Hartwell, Clive Barker, Ray Bradbury, John Collier, Shirley Jackson, Stephen King, Joyce Carol Oates
The Medusa in the Shield, authors: David G. Hartwell, Robert Aickman, Charlotte Perkins Gilman, William Faulkner, Robert Smythe Hichens, Richard Matheson, Joanna Russ, Dennis Etchison, D.H. Lawrence, Tanith Lee, Flannery O'Connor, Ramsey Campbell, Thomas M. Disch, Henry James, Theodore Sturgeon, Clive Barker, Edgar Allan Poe, Stephen King, Michael  Bishop, H.P. Lovecraft, J. Sheridan Le Fanu
A Fabulous  Formless Darkness, authors: David G. Hartwell, Fritz Leiber, Fitz-James O'Brien, Shirley Jackson, Ambrose Bierce, Edith Wharton, Algernon Blackwood, Thomas M. Disch, Robert Aickman, Philip K. Dick, Gene Wolfe, Charles Dickens, Stephen King, Joyce Carol Oates, Walter de la Mare, Ivan Turgenev, Robert W. Chambers, Oliver Onions
The Dark Descent  Vol 1: The Color of Evil, authors: David G. Hartwell
Bargaining for Advantage: Negotiation Strategies for Reasonable People, authors: G. Richard Shell
Bargaining for Advantage: Negotiation Strategies for Reasonable People, authors: G. Richard Shell
The Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon, authors: Thomas  Harris
The Silence of the Lambs, authors: Yvonne Tasker
King Solomon's Mines (Allan Quatermain  #1), authors: H. Rider Haggard
Mine  All Mine!: A Book About Pronouns, authors: Ruth Heller
A Faith Like Mine, authors: Laura Buller, D.K. Publishing
Speaks the Nightbird (Matthew Corbett  #1), authors: Robert R. McCammon
The Bishop's Boys: A Life of Wilbur and Orville Wright, authors: Tom D. Crouch
The Insomnia Answer: A Personalized Program for Identifying and Overcoming the Three Types of Insomnia, authors: Paul Glovinsky, Art Spielman
Cognitive Behavioral Treatment of Insomnia: A Session-By-Session Guide, authors: Michael L. Perlis, Carla Jungquist, Michael T. Smith
Healing Therapies for Overcoming Insomnia, authors: Peter  Van Houten, Rich McCord
The Attraction, authors: Douglas Clegg
Nightmare House (Harrow House  #1), authors: Douglas Clegg
The Abandoned (Harrow House  #4), authors: Douglas Clegg
The Nightmare Chronicles, authors: Douglas Clegg
Mischief (Harrow House  #2), authors: Douglas Clegg
Purity (Dark Coming of Age  #1), authors: Douglas Clegg
The Hour Before Dark, authors: Douglas Clegg
The Halloween Man, authors: Douglas Clegg
The Sisters: The Saga of the Mitford Family, authors: Mary S. Lovell
Soldiers of Salamis, authors: Javier Cercas, Anne McLean
Spandau: The Secret Diaries, authors: Albert Speer
El coronel no tiene quien le escriba, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Of Love and Other Demons, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Noticia de un secuestro, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Chronicle of a Death Foretold, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa
Ojos de perro azul, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
The General in His Labyrinth, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Edith Grossman
La increíble y triste historia de la cándida Eréndira y de su abuela desalmada, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
The Autumn of the Patriarch, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa
Cien años de soledad, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
El amor en los tiempos del cólera, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Relato de un náufrago, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Relato de Um Náufrago, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Remy Gorga Filho
The Complete Poems, authors: William Blake, Alicia Suskin Ostriker
The Marriage of Heaven and Hell, authors: William Blake
The Stranger from Paradise: A Biography of William Blake, authors: G.E. Bentley Jr.
The Complete Stories and Poems, authors: Edgar Allan Poe
Complete Tales and Poems, authors: Edgar Allan Poe
The Edgar Allan Poe Audio Collection, authors: Edgar Allan Poe
18 Best Stories by Edgar Allan Poe, authors: Edgar Allan Poe, Vincent  Price, Chandler Brossard
Complete Poems (Library of Classic Poets), authors: Edgar Allan Poe
Edgar Allan Poe A to Z, authors: Dawn B. Sova
Selected Letters  1940-1956, authors: Jack Kerouac, Ann Charters
The Wild Boys, authors: William S. Burroughs
Nova Express (The Nova Trilogy  #3), authors: William S. Burroughs
Last Words: The Final Journals, authors: William S. Burroughs, James Grauerholz
The Soft Machine (The Nova Trilogy #1), authors: William S. Burroughs
Junky, authors: William S. Burroughs, Oliver  Harris, Allen Ginsberg
Queer, authors: William S. Burroughs
Cities of the Red Night, authors: William S. Burroughs
William S. Burroughs  Throbbing Gristle  Brion Gysin, authors: V. Vale, Andrea Juno, William S. Burroughs, Throbbing Gristle, Brion Gysin
Burroughs Live: The Collected Interviews  1960-1997, authors: William S. Burroughs, Sylvère Lotringer
My Education: A Book of Dreams, authors: William S. Burroughs
Trainspotting (Mark Renton  #2), authors: Irvine Welsh
Trainspotting, authors: Murray Smith
Trainspotting, authors: Irvine Welsh, Eric Lindor Fall
Marabou Stork Nightmares, authors: Irvine Welsh
You'll Have Had Your Hole, authors: Irvine Welsh
Ecstasy, authors: Irvine Welsh, Alain Defossé
Filth, authors: Irvine Welsh
The Female Brain, authors: Louann Brizendine
Imaginary Friends, authors: Nora Ephron
Scribble  Scribble: Notes on the Media, authors: Nora Ephron
Life Amongst the Modocs, authors: Joaquin Miller, Alan Rosenus, Malcolm Margolin
Devil's Backbone, authors: Terry C. Johnston
Soldados de Salamina, authors: Javier Cercas
Rule #1: The Simple Strategy for Successful Investing in Only 15 Minutes a Week!, authors: Phil Town
Laguna  I Love You: The Best of "Our Town, authors: John Weld, Phil Interlandi
Dirty Italian: Everyday Slang from "What's Up?" to "F*%# Off!, authors: Gabrielle Ann Euvino, Lindsay Mack
The Deep (Dive  #2), authors: Gordon Korman
The Discovery (Dive  #1), authors: Gordon Korman
New York City's Best Dive Bars: Drinking and Diving in the Five Boroughs, authors: Wendy  Mitchell, June Kim
The Stowaway Solution (On The Run  #4), authors: Gordon Korman
The Abduction (Kidnapped  #1), authors: Gordon Korman
The Fugitive Factor (On The Run  #2), authors: Gordon Korman
Chasing The Falconers (On The Run  #1), authors: Gordon Korman
Losing Joe's Place, authors: Gordon Korman
Something Fishy at Macdonald Hall (Macdonald Hall  #7), authors: Gordon Korman
The Zucchini Warriors (Macdonald Hall  #5), authors: Gordon Korman
The Contest (Everest Trilogy), authors: Gordon Korman
The Deep (Dive Trilogy), authors: Gordon Korman
No More Dead Dogs, authors: Gordon Korman
Radio Fifth Grade, authors: Gordon Korman
The Climb (Everest Trilogy), authors: Gordon Korman
The Contest (Everest  #1), authors: Gordon Korman
Casino Royale (James Bond  #1), authors: Ian Fleming
The Eternal Flame (Merlin  #11), authors: T.A. Barron, David Elliot
The Ivy Tree, authors: Carolyn Brown
Street Magic (The Circle Opens  #2), authors: Tamora Pierce
Wolf-Speaker (Immortals  #2), authors: Tamora Pierce
Leonardo's Notebooks, authors: Leonardo da Vinci, H. Anna Suh
The Golden Notebook, authors: Doris Lessing
Gödel  Escher  Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid, authors: Douglas R. Hofstadter
M Is for Mayflower: A Massachusetts Alphabet, authors: Margot Theis Raven, Jeannie Brett
Mayflower Treasure Hunt (A to Z Mysteries: Super Edition  #2), authors: Ron Roy, John Steven Gurney
William Shakespeare’s: Romeo and Juliet (Shakespeare Retellings  #4), authors: Bruce Coville, Dennis Nolan
Jennifer  Hecate  Macbeth  William McKinley  and Me  Elizabeth, authors: E.L. Konigsburg
Death of a Charming Man (Hamish Macbeth  #10), authors: M.C. Beaton
The Merchant of Venice, authors: William Shakespeare, Robert     Smith, Jonathan    Morris
Catherine  Called Birdy, authors: Karen Cushman
How to Build a Time Machine, authors: Paul Davies
Around the World in 8 1/2 Days (Judy Moody #7), authors: Megan McDonald, Peter H. Reynolds
Judy Moody  M.D.: The Doctor is In! (Judy Moody #5), authors: Megan McDonald, Peter H. Reynolds
Judy Moody Predicts the Future (Judy Moody  #4), authors: Megan McDonald, Peter H. Reynolds
Judy Moody Declares Independence (Judy Moody #6), authors: Megan McDonald, Peter H. Reynolds
Judy Moody Gets Famous! (Judy Moody  #2), authors: Megan McDonald, Peter H. Reynolds
Judy Moody Saves the World! (Judy Moody #3), authors: Megan McDonald, Peter H. Reynolds
Amelia's Notebook (Amelia's Notebooks  #1), authors: Marissa Moss
Amelia's 6th-Grade Notebook (Amelia's Notebooks  #15), authors: Marissa Moss
Charlotte's Web, authors: E.B. White, Garth Williams, Rosemary Wells
Charlotte's Web, authors: E.B. White, Garth Williams, Rosemary Wells
Charlotte's Web, authors: E.B. White, Garth Williams, Kate DiCamillo
Charlotte's Web: Wilbur Finds a Friend, authors: Jennifer Frantz, E.B. White, Aleksey Ivanov, Olga Ivanov
Secrets of the Scorpion, authors: Jed Carleton, Shawn Carman, Seth Mason, Robert    Lee, Travis Heerman, Aaron Medwin, Matthew S. Armstrong, D.J. Trindle, Cris Dornaus, Eric Steiger
The Runaway Jury, authors: John Grisham
The Boys Start the War (Boy/Girl Battle  #1), authors: Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
The Boys Start the War  the Girls Get Even, authors: Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
Boys Against Girls (Sweet Valley Twins  #17), authors: Francine Pascal, Jamie Suzanne
Boys Against Girls (Sweet Valley Twins  #17), authors: Francine Pascal, Jamie Suzanne
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass, authors: Lewis Carroll, John Tenniel, Martin Gardner
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland: A Pop-Up Adaptation, authors: Robert Sabuda, Lewis Carroll
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass, authors: Lewis Carroll, John Tenniel, Tan Lin
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, authors: Lewis Carroll, Helen Oxenbury
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland  #1-2), authors: Lewis Carroll, Hugh Haughton, John Tenniel
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, authors: Lewis Carroll, Helen Oxenbury
The Art of Warfare, authors: Sun Tzu, Roger T. Ames
The Black Ice (Harry Bosch  #2; Harry Bosch Universe  #2), authors: Michael Connelly
Black Ice (Ice  #1), authors: Anne Stuart
A Cavern of Black Ice (Sword of Shadows  #1), authors: J.V. Jones
White Sky  Black Ice (Nathan Active Mystery  #1), authors: Stan Jones
Thus Spake the Corpse: An Exquisite Corpse Reader 1988-98 Vol 1 Poetry & Essays, authors: Andrei Codrescu, Laura Rosenthal
Thus Spoke Zarathustra, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche
A World Lit Only by Fire, authors: William Manchester, Barrett Whitener
War Comes to Willy Freeman (Arabus Family Saga  #1), authors: James Lincoln Collier, Christopher Collier
Skellig (Skellig  #1), authors: David Almond
Skellig: The Play, authors: David Almond
Les Misérables, authors: Victor Hugo, Charles E. Wilbour
Les Misérables, authors: Victor Hugo, Charles E. Wilbour, James K. Robinson
Les Misérables, authors: Victor Hugo, Charles E. Wilbour, Peter Washington
Les Miserables (Stepping Stones), authors: Monica Kulling, Victor Hugo
Because Of Winn Dixie, authors: Kate DiCamillo
At the Edge of the World (Crispin  #2), authors: Avi
The Story of Avis, authors: Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Carol Phillips
Poppy, authors: Avi
Poppy's Return, authors: Avi, Brian Floca
The Secret School, authors: Avi
The Pen Is Mightier Than The Sword (The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes  #6), authors: Anne Mazer, Monica Gesue
Have Wheels  Will Travel (The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes  #4), authors: Anne Mazer, Monica Gesue
Out of Sight  Out of Mind (The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes  #9), authors: Anne Mazer, Monica Gesue, Joyce White
The Best Is Yet to Come (The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes Super Special  #1), authors: Anne Mazer
Violet Makes A Splash (Sister Magic), authors: Anne Mazer, Bill Brown
The Trouble With Violet, authors: Anne Mazer, Bill Brown
Knowledge Is Power (The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes: #15), authors: Anne Mazer
The Trumpet of the Swan, authors: E.B. White, Fred Marcellino
Ella Enchanted (Ella Enchanted #1), authors: Gail Carson Levine
Sachs & Violens, authors: Peter David, George Pérez
Nicomachean Ethics, authors: Aristotle, Joe Sachs
Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird (Bloom's Guides), authors: Harold Bloom, Harper Lee
His Dark Materials, authors: Nicholas Wright, Philip Pullman
His Dark Materials: New Edition, authors: Nicholas Wright, Philip Pullman
His Dark Materials Trilogy (Northern Lights; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass), authors: Philip Pullman
The Cricket in Times Square, authors: George Selden, Garth Williams
Lucie Babbidge's House, authors: Sylvia Cassedy
Nine Horses, authors: Billy Collins
The Apple that Astonished Paris, authors: Billy Collins
The Circle (Dan Lenson  #3), authors: David Poyer
The Sorority: Samantha (Sorority Trilogy  #3), authors: Tamara Thorne
Trickster's Choice (Daughter of the Lioness  #1), authors: Tamora Pierce
Trickster's Choice (Daughter of the Lioness  #1), authors: Tamora Pierce, Trini Alvarado
Video Girl Ai  Vol. 15: Len's Story, authors: Masakazu Katsura
The Ships of Earth (Homecoming Saga #3), authors: Orson Scott Card
Heathersleigh Homecoming (Secrets of Heathersleigh Hall  #3), authors: Michael R. Phillips
Bait and Switch: The (Futile) Pursuit of the American Dream, authors: Barbara Ehrenreich
For Her Own Good: Two Centuries of the Experts' Advice to Women, authors: Barbara Ehrenreich, Deirdre English
Fear of Falling: The Inner Life of the Middle Class, authors: Barbara Ehrenreich
On Duties (De Officiis), authors: Marcus Tullius Cicero, Walter Miller
Peony in Love, authors: Lisa See
See How She Dies, authors: Lisa Jackson
Chuck Klosterman IV: A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas, authors: Chuck Klosterman
Fargo Rock City: A Heavy Metal Odyssey in Rural North Dakota, authors: Chuck Klosterman
i am 8-bit: Art Inspired by Classic Videogames of the '80s, authors: Jon M. Gibson, Chuck Klosterman
No Idle Hands: The Social History of American Knitting, authors: Anne Macdonald
How to be Idle, authors: Tom Hodgkinson
The Stuffed Owl: An Anthology of Bad Verse, authors: D.B. Wyndham-Lewis, Charles  Lee, Billy Collins, Max Beerbohm
The Complete Aubrey/Maturin Novels (5 Volumes), authors: Patrick O'Brian
The Hundred Days (Aubrey & Maturin #19), authors: Patrick O'Brian
The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey (Aubrey & Maturin #21), authors: Patrick O'Brian, Richard Snow
The Truelove (Aubrey & Maturin #15), authors: Patrick O'Brian
Blue at the Mizzen (Aubrey & Maturin #20), authors: Patrick O'Brian
Field Guide to Home Buying in America, authors: Mark LeVine, Michael Pollan, Stephen M. Pollan
Gilliam on Gilliam (Directors on Directors), authors: Terry Gilliam, Ian Christie
The Adventures of Baron Munchausen: The Illustrated Screenplay, authors: Terry Gilliam, Charles McKeown
The Complete Monty Python's Flying Circus: All the Words  Vol. 2, authors: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin
The Pythons Autobiography by The Pythons, authors: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Bob McCabe
The Complete Monty Python's Flying Circus: All the Words: Volume 1, authors: Graham Chapman, Eric Idle, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Roger Wilmut
The Gangs of New York, authors: Herbert Asbury, Jorge Luis Borges
All Around the Town, authors: Herbert Asbury
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain, Shelly Fisher Fishkin
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (Adventures of Tom and Huck  #1), authors: Mark Twain, Scott McKowen
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (Adventures of Tom and Huck  #1), authors: Mark Twain, Guy Cardwell, John Seelye
The Moon in Hiding (The Green Lion Trilogy #2), authors: Teresa Edgerton
The Short Stories  Vol 3, authors: Ernest Hemingway, Stacy Keach
Selections from the Oakland Tribune Archives (Images of America: California), authors: Annalee Allen
Sebastopol (Images of America: California), authors: Western Sonoma County Historical Society
Center City Philadelphia in the 19th Century (Images of America: Pennsylvania), authors: Library Company of Philadelphia
Juneau and Sauk Counties: 1850-2000 (Images of America: Wisconsin), authors: Jacqueline Ann, Sheila Z.
Paris Spleen, authors: Charles Baudelaire, Louise Varèse
The Writer of Modern Life: Essays on Charles Baudelaire, authors: Walter Benjamin, Michael W. Jennings, Rodney Livingstone, Edmund F.N. Jephcott, Harry Zohn, Howard Eiland
Flowers of Evil and Other Works/Les Fleurs du Mal et Oeuvres Choisies : A Dual-Language Book (Dover Foreign Language Study Guides) (English and French Edition), authors: Charles Baudelaire, Wallace Fowlie
On Wine and Hashish, authors: Charles Baudelaire, Andrew Brown, Margaret Drabble
Intimate Journals, authors: Charles Baudelaire, Christopher Isherwood, W.H. Auden
The Painter of Modern Life and Other Essays (Phaidon Arts and Letters), authors: Charles Baudelaire, Jonathon Mayne
Candide, authors: Voltaire, Larousse
Candide, authors: Voltaire, Mona Mulhair
The Handbook (The Encheiridion), authors: Epictetus, Nicholas P. White
A Manual for Living, authors: Epictetus, Sharon Lebell
Discourses  Books 3-4. The Enchiridion (Loeb Classical Library #218), authors: Epictetus, William A. Oldfather
A Stranger Came Ashore, authors: Mollie Hunter, Lisa Falkenstern
Rob Roy MacGregor, authors: Nigel Tranter
Rob Roy, authors: Walter Scott
From Glencoe to Stirling: Rob Roy  the Highlanders & Scotlands Chivalric Age (Tales of a Scottish Grandfather 3), authors: Walter Scott, George Grant
Myths of the Norsemen: Retold from the Old Norse Poems and Tales, authors: Roger Lancelyn Green, Alan Langford
D'Aulaires' Book of Norse Myths, authors: Ingri d'Aulaire, Edgar Parin d'Aulaire, Michael Chabon
Penguin Book Of Norse Myths: Gods Of The Vikings, authors: Kevin Crossley-Holland
The Prose Edda, authors: Snorri Sturluson, Jesse L. Byock
Exploring the Northern Tradition: A Guide to the Gods  Lore  Rites  and Celebrations From the Norse  German  and Anglo-Saxon Traditions, authors: Galina Krasskova, Swain Wódening
Tales of the Norse Gods, authors: Barbara Leonie Picard, Rosamund Fowler
The Tristan Betrayal, authors: Robert Ludlum
Isolde  Queen of the Western Isle (Tristan and Isolde  #1), authors: Rosalind Miles
The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women, authors: Tristan Taormino
Oh  The Places You’ll Go!, authors: Dr. Seuss
Toys Go Out: Being the Adventures of a Knowledgeable Stingray  a Toughy Little Buffalo  and Someone Called Plastic (Toys #1), authors: Emily Jenkins, Paul O. Zelinsky
Melville: His World and Work, authors: Andrew Delbanco
Racso and the Rats of NIMH (Rats of NIMH  #2), authors: Jane Leslie Conly, Leonard B. Lubin
R-T  Margaret  and the Rats of NIMH (Rats of NIMH  #3), authors: Jane Leslie Conly, Leonard B. Lubin
The Dance of the Dissident Daughter, authors: Sue Monk Kidd
Talk Talk, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
Drop City, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle, Richard Poe
Tooth and Claw, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
East Is East, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
After the Plague: and Other Stories, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
Descent of Man, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
World's End, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
If the River Was Whiskey: Stories, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
If the River Was Whiskey, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
American Writers  Supplement VIII, authors: Jay Parini, August Wilson
Greasy Lake & Other Stories, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
L'Orient  c'est l'Orient, authors: T. Coraghessan Boyle
An Acceptable Time (Time Quintet  #5), authors: Madeleine L'Engle
Conversations with Kurt Vonnegut, authors: William Rodney Allen, Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
So Yesterday, authors: Scott Westerfeld
Specials (Uglies  #3), authors: Scott Westerfeld
Touching Darkness (Midnighters  #2), authors: Scott Westerfeld
Pretties (Uglies  #2), authors: Scott Westerfeld
Blue Noon (Midnighters  #3), authors: Scott Westerfeld
Uglies (Uglies  #1), authors: Scott Westerfeld
Evolution's Darling, authors: Scott Westerfeld
The Butterfly Tattoo, authors: Philip Pullman
Count Karlstein, authors: Philip Pullman, Diana Bryan
The Castle of Llyr (The Chronicles of Prydain  #3), authors: Lloyd Alexander
The Book of Three (The Chronicles of Prydain  #1), authors: Lloyd Alexander
The High King (The Chronicles of Prydain  #5), authors: Lloyd Alexander
Taran Wanderer (The Chronicles of Prydain  #4), authors: Lloyd Alexander
Westmark (Westmark  #1), authors: Lloyd Alexander
The Black Cauldron (The Chronicles of Prydain  #2), authors: Lloyd Alexander
The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain, authors: Lloyd Alexander
The Prydain Companion: A Reference Guide to Lloyd Alexander's Prydain Chronicles, authors: Michael O. Tunnell, Lloyd Alexander
A Lloyd Alexander Collection, authors: Lloyd Alexander
The Philadelphia Adventure, authors: Lloyd Alexander
Libra, authors: Don DeLillo, Michel Courtois-Fourcy
Zorro, authors: Isabel Allende, Margaret Sayers Peden, محمدعلی مهمان‌نوازان
House of Leaves, authors: Mark Z. Danielewski
A Parchment of Leaves, authors: Silas House
The Areas of My Expertise: An Almanac of Complete World Knowledge Compiled with Instructive Annotation and Arranged in Useful Order, authors: John Hodgman
The Complete Calvin and Hobbes, authors: Bill Watterson
The Calvin and Hobbes Tenth Anniversary Book, authors: Bill Watterson
It's a Magical World (Calvin and Hobbes  #11), authors: Bill Watterson
Homicidal Psycho Jungle Cat (Calvin and Hobbes #9), authors: Bill Watterson
The Days Are Just Packed, authors: Bill Watterson
The Calvin And Hobbes:  Tenth Anniversary Book, authors: Bill Watterson
Calvin and Hobbes: Sunday Pages 1985-1995: An Exhibition Catalogue, authors: Bill Watterson
Ship of Fools, authors: Richard Paul Russo
The Rosetta Codex, authors: Richard Paul Russo
The Illustrated Man, authors: Ray Bradbury
The Sot-Weed Factor, authors: John Barth
The Floating Opera and The End of the Road, authors: John Barth
Chimera, authors: John Barth
Letters, authors: John Barth
Scar Lover, authors: Harry Crews
Narcisse et Goldmund, authors: Hermann Hesse
Demian, authors: Hermann Hesse, Stanley Appelbaum
The Ship Avenged, authors: S.M. Stirling
Dragon's Kin (Pern  #17), authors: Anne McCaffrey, Todd McCaffrey
Dragonflight (Pern: Dragonriders of Pern  #1), authors: Anne McCaffrey, Dick Hill
House of Stairs, authors: William Sleator
Oddballs, authors: William Sleator
Hell Phone, authors: William Sleator
The Beasties, authors: William Sleator
The Duplicate, authors: William Sleator
Strange Attractors, authors: William Sleator
Parasite Pig (Interstellar Pig #2), authors: William Sleator
The Boy Who Couldn't Die, authors: William Sleator
Among the Dolls, authors: William Sleator
That's Silly, authors: William Sleator, Lawrence Di Fiori
Once Said Darlene, authors: William Sleator, Steven Kellogg
Boltzmon!, authors: William Sleator
Interstellar Pig (Interstellar Pig #1), authors: William Sleator
A Birthday for Frances, authors: Russell Hoban, Lillian Hoban
Pilgermann, authors: Russell Hoban
How Tom Beat Captain Najork and His Hired Sportsmen (Captain Najork #1), authors: Russell Hoban, Quentin Blake
World's Fair, authors: E.L. Doctorow
The March, authors: E.L. Doctorow
Three Complete Novels: Billy Bathgate/World's Fair/Loon Lake, authors: E.L. Doctorow
The Discomfort Zone: A Personal History, authors: Jonathan Franzen
A Confederacy of Dunces, authors: John Kennedy Toole
A Confederacy of Dunces, authors: John Kennedy Toole, Walker Percy
La conjura de los necios, authors: John Kennedy Toole
Lost, authors: Gregory Maguire, Douglas Smith
The Dream Stealer, authors: Gregory Maguire, Diana Bryan
Four Stupid Cupids (The Hamlet Chronicles  #4), authors: Gregory Maguire, Elaine Clayton
Wicked: The Grimmerie, authors: David Cote, Stephen Schwartz, Joan Marcus, Winnie Holzman
A Little Bit Wicked (Last Man Standing  #1), authors: Victoria Alexander
My Wicked  Wicked Ways, authors: Errol Flynn, Jeffrey Meyers
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More, authors: Roald Dahl
The Wonderful Story Of Henry Sugar and Six More, authors: Roald Dahl
Danny The Champion of the World, authors: Roald Dahl, Jill Bennett
Danny the Champion of the World, authors: Roald Dahl
Danny The Champion Of The World, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Danny  Champion Du Monde, authors: Roald Dahl
The Science of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, authors: Michael Hanlon
The Dark Is Rising Sequence, authors: Susan Cooper
The Essential Kierkegaard, authors: Søren Kierkegaard, Howard Vincent Hong, Edna Hatlestad Hong
Fear and Trembling, authors: Søren Kierkegaard, Alastair Hannay
Fear and Trembling/Repetition, authors: Søren Kierkegaard, Edna Hatlestad Hong, Howard Vincent Hong
Either/Or: A Fragment of Life, authors: Søren Kierkegaard, Victor Eremita, Alastair Hannay
Inside Job, authors: Connie Willis
Miracle and Other Christmas Stories, authors: Connie Willis
Lincoln's Dreams, authors: Connie Willis
Uncharted Territory, authors: Connie Willis
Passage, authors: Connie Willis
Bellwether, authors: Connie Willis
Writing Degree Zero, authors: Roland Barthes, Annette Lavers, Colin Smith, Susan Sontag
New Worlds  Ancient Texts: The Power of Tradition and the Shock of Discovery, authors: Anthony Grafton
The Book of My Life, authors: Girolamo Cardano, Jean Stoner, Anthony Grafton
A Crack in the Edge of the World, authors: Simon Winchester
The Map That Changed the World: William Smith and the Birth of Modern Geology, authors: Simon Winchester
The River at the Center of the World: A Journey Up the Yangtze & Back in Chinese Time, authors: Simon Winchester
Outposts: Journeys to the Surviving Relics of the British Empire, authors: Simon Winchester
Krakatoa: The Day the World Exploded: August 27  1883, authors: Simon Winchester
How the Irish Saved Civilization, authors: Thomas Cahill
Irish Traditional Cooking: Over 300 Recipes from Ireland's Heritage, authors: Darina Allen, Regina Sexton
The Scotch-Irish: A Social History, authors: James Graham Leyburn
Irish Blessings, authors: Ashley Shannon
Classical Drawing Atelier: A Contemporary Guide to Traditional Studio Practice, authors: Juliette Aristides
Common Herbs for Natural Health, authors: Juliette De Bairacli Levy, Heather  Wood
The Complete Herbal Handbook for the Dog and Cat, authors: Juliette De Bairacli Levy
El rey de Les Halles, authors: Juliette Benzoni, Francisco Rodriguez de Lecea
The Case of the Snowboarding Superstar (Jigsaw Jones  #29), authors: James Preller, R.W. Alley, Jamie  Smith
The Case Of The Kidnapped Candy (Jigsaw Jones Mystery #30), authors: James Preller, R.W. Alley, Jamie  Smith
The Case of the Marshmallow Monster (Jigsaw Jones  #11), authors: James Preller, R.W. Alley
The Case of the Stinky Science Project (Jigsaw Jones  #9), authors: James Preller, John Speirs, James Preller
The Case Of The Buried Treasure, authors: James Preller, Jamie Smith, R.W. Alley
The Case of the Mummy Mystery (Jigsaw Jones  #6), authors: James Preller, John Speirs, R.W. Alley
Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle (Mrs. Piggle Wiggle  #1), authors: Betty MacDonald, Alexandra Boiger
Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle's Magic (Mrs. Piggle Wiggle  #2), authors: Betty MacDonald, Alexandra Boiger
Hello  Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle (Mrs. Piggle Wiggle  #4), authors: Betty MacDonald, Alexandra Boiger
Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle Treasury (Mrs. Piggle Wiggle  #1-2  #4), authors: Betty MacDonald, Hilary Knight
Brightness Reef (Uplift Storm Trilogy  #1), authors: David Brin
Brightness Falls, authors: Jay McInerney
This Side of Brightness, authors: Colum McCann
Dazzling Brightness (Greek Myths  #1), authors: Roberta Gellis
Bright Lights  Big City, authors: Jay McInerney, Sylvie Durastanti
How it Ended, authors: Jay McInerney
Savage Inequalities: Children in America's Schools, authors: Jonathan Kozol
Skipping Towards Gomorrah: The Seven Deadly Sins and the Pursuit of Happiness in America, authors: Dan Savage
Savage Love: Straight Answers from America's Most Popular Sex Columnist, authors: Dan Savage
The Doll's House (The Sandman  #2), authors: Neil Gaiman, Steve Parkhouse, Chris Bachalo, Michael Zulli, Mike Dringenberg, Malcolm Jones III, Todd Klein, Clive Barker
Dream Country (The Sandman  #3), authors: Neil Gaiman, Kelley Jones, Charles Vess, Colleen Doran, Malcolm Jones III, Steve Erickson
Season of Mists (The Sandman  #4), authors: Neil Gaiman, Matt Wagner, George Pratt, Dick Giordano, Kelley Jones, P. Craig Russell, Mike Dringenberg, Malcolm Jones III, Todd Klein, Harlan Ellison
A Game of You (The Sandman  #5), authors: Neil Gaiman, Shawn McManus, Colleen Doran, Bryan Talbot, George Pratt, Stan Woch, Dick Giordano, Todd Klein
World's End (The Sandman  #8), authors: Neil Gaiman, Mike Allred, Gary Amaro, Mark Buckingham, David Giordano, Tony Harris, Steve Leialoha, Vince Locke, Shea Anton Pensa, Alec Stevens, Bryan Talbot, John Watkiss, Todd Klein, Michael Zulli, Stephen King
The Wake (The Sandman  #10), authors: Neil Gaiman, Michael Zulli, Jon J. Muth, Charles Vess, Mikal Gilmore
Fables & Reflections (The Sandman  #6), authors: Neil Gaiman, Bryan Talbot, Stan Woch, P. Craig Russell, Shawn McManus, John Watkiss, Jill Thompson, Duncan Eagleson, Kent Williams, Todd Klein
Common Ground: A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families, authors: J. Anthony Lukas
Common Ground: The Water  Earth  and Air We Share, authors: Molly Bang
Uncommon Ground: Rethinking the Human Place in Nature, authors: William Cronon
Uncommon Grounds (Maggy Thorsen Mystery #1), authors: Sandra Balzo
The Ecological Approach to Visual Perception, authors: James J. Gibson
Fucked By Rock + Cd, authors: Mark Manning
The Fuck-Up, authors: Arthur Nersesian
Pledged: The Secret Life of Sororities, authors: Alexandra Robbins
Uzumaki: Spiral into Horror  Vol. 1, authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二
Uzumaki: Spiral into Horror  Vol. 2., authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二
Uzumaki: Spiral Into Horror  Vol. 3, authors: Junji Ito, 伊藤潤二
Dust (Richard Jury  #21), authors: Martha Grimes
The Old Wine Shades (Richard Jury  #20), authors: Martha Grimes
The Dirty Duck (Richard Jury  #4), authors: Martha Grimes
Belle Ruin (Emma Graham  #3), authors: Martha Grimes
Jerusalem Inn (Richard Jury  #5), authors: Martha Grimes
The Anodyne Necklace (Richard Jury  #3), authors: Martha Grimes
The Man With a Load of Mischief (Richard Jury  #1), authors: Martha Grimes
The Five Bells and Bladebone (Richard Jury  #9), authors: Martha Grimes
Blankets, authors: Craig Thompson
Beauty's Release (Sleeping Beauty  #3), authors: A.N. Roquelaure, Anne Rice
A Personal Matter, authors: Kenzaburō Ōe, John Nathan
Teach Us To Outgrow Our Madness, authors: Kenzaburō Ōe, John Nathan
Rouse Up  O Young Men of the New Age!, authors: Kenzaburō Ōe
Silence, authors: Shūsaku Endō, William Johnston
Deep River, authors: Shūsaku Endō, Van C. Gessel
The Golden Country, authors: Shūsaku Endō, Francis Mathy
Eden: It's an Endless World  Volume 3 (Eden: It's an Endless World  #3), authors: Hiroki Endo
The Samurai, authors: Shūsaku Endō, Van C. Gessel
Tuck Everlasting, authors: Natalie Babbitt
The Philosophy of History, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, J. Sibree, C.J. Friedrich, Charles Hegel
Reason in History, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Robert S. Hartman
The Essential Writings, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Introduction to the Philosophy of History with Selections from The Philosophy of Right, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Leo Rauch
Hegel: A Very Short Introduction, authors: Peter Singer
Elements of the Philosophy of Right, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Allen W. Wood, Raymond Geuss
Von Helden Und Schelmen: Tall Tales and Legends for Intermediate Students of German, authors: Kurt Reiter
Mein Urgroßvater  die Helden und ich, authors: James Krüss
American Dragons: Twenty-five Asian American Voices, authors: Laurence Yep, Kam Mak, Ann Tashi Slater
The Rainbow People, authors: Laurence Yep, David Wiesner
Child of the Owl (Golden Mountain Chronicles  #7), authors: Laurence Yep
Dragon's Gate (Golden Mountain Chronicles  #3), authors: Laurence Yep
Man Who Tricked a Ghost, authors: Laurence Yep, Isadore Seltzer
The Dragon Prince: A Chinese Beauty & the Beast Tale, authors: Laurence Yep, Kam Mak
The Legend of Huma (Dragonlance: Heroes  #1), authors: Richard A. Knaak
The Dark Mirror (The Bridei Chronicles  #1), authors: Juliet Marillier
Investing in Real Estate, authors: Andrew James McLean, Gary W. Eldred
No god but God: The Origins  Evolution and Future of Islam, authors: Reza Aslan
Flashman on the March (The Flashman Papers  #12), authors: George MacDonald Fraser
March Upcountry (Empire of Man  #1), authors: David Weber, John Ringo
King of the Middle March, authors: Kevin Crossley-Holland
The Dobe Ju/'hoansi, authors: Richard B. Lee
Ju-on Volume 1 (呪怨  #1), authors: Kei Ohishi, Joe Swift
Get Out of My Life  but First Could You Drive Me & Cheryl to the Mall?, authors: Anthony E. Wolf
Out of Egypt (Christ the Lord  #1), authors: Anne Rice
Get Out of Your Mind and Into Your Life: The New Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, authors: Steven C. Hayes, Spencer  Smith
The Out-of-Sync Child Has Fun: Activities for Kids with Sensory Processing Disorder, authors: Carol Stock Kranowitz, T.J. Wylie
Out of the Silent Planet (The Space Trilogy  #1), authors: C.S. Lewis
Coming Out, authors: Danielle Steel
Shutting Out the Sky: Life in the Tenements of New York  1880-1924, authors: Deborah Hopkinson
Art Out of Time: Unknown Comics Visionaries  1900-1969, authors: Dan Nadel
The Out-of-Sync Child Has Fun: Activities for Kids with Sensory Integration Dysfunction, authors: Carol Stock Kranowitz, T.J. Wylie, Trude Turnquist
Shout Out Loud! 3, authors: Satosumi Takaguchi
Out, authors: Natsuo Kirino, Stephen Snyder
Disparitions, authors: Natsuo Kirino
Die Umarmung des Todes, authors: Natsuo Kirino
Are We There Yet?, authors: David Levithan
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist, authors: Rachel Cohn, David Levithan
How to Make Money Like a Porn Star, authors: Neil Strauss, Jenna Jameson
The Mystery Method: How to Get Beautiful Women Into Bed, authors: Mystery, Neil Strauss
The Dirt: Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band, authors: Neil Strauss, Vince Neil, Nikki Sixx, Mick Mars, Tommy Lee
Mémoires de l'Enfer, authors: Marilyn Manson, Neil Strauss, Gilles Vaugeois
Una Vida Con Proposito Volumen 6, authors: Rick Warren
Maya, authors: Jostein Gaarder, James Anderson
The Orange Girl, authors: Jostein Gaarder, James Anderson
Sophie's World, authors: Jostein Gaarder, Paulette Møller
That Same Flower: Floria Aemilia's Letter to St. Augustine, authors: Jostein Gaarder, Anne   Born
Identity and Violence: The Illusion of Destiny, authors: Amartya Sen, Λία Βουτσοπούλου
When I Was Puerto Rican, authors: Esmeralda Santiago
Delwau Duon: Peintiadau Nicholas Evans = Symphonies in Black: The Paintings of Nicholas Evans, authors: Nicholas    Evans, Rhonda  Evans
Psychonavigation: Techniques for Travel Beyond Time, authors: John Perkins
The Stress-free Habit: Powerful Techniques for Health & Longevity from the Andes  Yucatan & the Far East, authors: John Perkins
Let Justice Roll Down, authors: John M. Perkins, Shane Claiborne
The Namesake: A Portrait of the Film Based on the Novel by Jhumpa Lahiri, authors: Mira Nair, Jhumpa Lahiri
The Collected Poems of Robert Penn Warren, authors: Robert Penn Warren, John Burt, Harold Bloom
The Cave, authors: Robert Penn Warren, James H. Justus, Xavier Pàmies
The Glass Castle, authors: Jeannette Walls, Julia Gibson
The Little Baby Snoogle-Fleejer, authors: Jimmy Carter, Amy Carter
Keeping Faith: Memoirs of a President, authors: Jimmy Carter
Animal  Vegetable  Miracle: A Year of Food Life, authors: Barbara Kingsolver, Steven L. Hopp, Camille Kingsolver, Richard A. Houser
The Essential John Nash, authors: John F. Nash, Harold William Kuhn, Sylvia Nasar
Z for Zachariah, authors: Robert C. O'Brien
The Anatomy of Human Destructiveness, authors: Erich Fromm
Escape from Freedom, authors: Erich Fromm
The Art of Being, authors: Erich Fromm, Rainer Funk
Man for Himself: An Inquiry into the Psychology of Ethics, authors: Erich Fromm
Psychoanalysis and Religion, authors: Erich Fromm, محمود منقذ الهاشمي
The Days of Vengeance: An Exposition of the Book of Revelation, authors: David H. Chilton
Malinche, authors: Laura Esquivel, Jordi Castells
Malinche, authors: Laura Esquivel, Jordi Castells, Ernesto Mestre-Reed
Faulkner: A Biography, authors: Joseph Blotner
The Best Bug Parade, authors: Stuart J. Murphy, Holly Keller
Flight Dreams (Mark Manning Mystery  #1), authors: Michael Craft
Eye Contact (Mark Manning Mystery  #2), authors: Michael Craft
Hot Spot (Mark Manning Mystery  #6), authors: Michael Craft
Body Language (Mark Manning Mystery  #3), authors: Michael Craft
The Second World War, authors: Winston S. Churchill, John Keegan
Memoirs of the Second World War, authors: Winston S. Churchill, Denis Kelly
Six Degrees of Separation, authors: John Guare
Amarse con los ojos abiertos, authors: Jorge Bucay, Silvia Salinas
McGraw-Hill's SAT I (McGraw-Hill's SAT I), authors: Christopher   Black, Mark Anestis
The Best Recipes in the World: More Than 1 000 International Dishes to Cook at Home, authors: Mark Bittman
The Minimalist Cooks at Home: Recipes That Give You More Flavor from Fewer Ingredients in Less Time, authors: Mark Bittman
The Soldiers' Tale: Bearing Witness to Modern War, authors: Samuel Hynes
How the Irish Saved Civilization: The Untold Story of Ireland's Heroic Role from the Fall of Rome to the Rise of Medieval Europe, authors: Thomas Cahill
Confessions of Saint Augustine (Paraclete Living Library), authors: Augustine of Hippo, J.M. Lelen
City of God, authors: Augustine of Hippo, Henry Bettenson
An Odyssey in Learning and Perception, authors: Eleanor J. Gibson
Complete Works of Tacitus, authors: Tacitus, Alfred J. Church, William Jackson Brodribb, Moses Hadas
The Agricola and The Germania, authors: Tacitus, Harold Mattingly, S.A. Handford
Agricola / Germania / Dialogue on Oratory, authors: Tacitus, Maurice Hutton, Robert Maxwell Ogilvie, E.H. Warmington, William Peterson, Michael Winterbottom
Agricola/Germany, authors: Tacitus, Anthony Richard Birley
An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations, authors: Adam Smith
The Wealth of Nations, authors: Adam Smith, Robert B. Reich
Aquinas's Shorter Summa: Saint Thomas's Own Concise Version of His Summa Theologica, authors: Thomas Aquinas
Saint Thomas Aquinas, authors: G.K. Chesterton, Anton C. Pegis
Summa Theologica  5 Vols, authors: Thomas Aquinas
Selected Writings, authors: Thomas Aquinas, Ralph McInerny
Selected Philosophical Writings, authors: Thomas Aquinas, Timothy McDermott
Treatise on Happiness, authors: Thomas Aquinas, John A. Oesterle
New Jewish Wedding  Revised, authors: Anita Diamant
How to Be a Jewish Parent: A Practical Handbook for Family Life, authors: Anita Diamant, Karen Kushner
Every Second Counts, authors: Lance Armstrong, Sally Jenkins
The Collected Stories of Isaac Bashevis Singer, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer, Herb Johnson
Der Golem, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer
Collected Stories III: One Night in Brazil to The Death of Methuselah, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer, Ilan Stavans
The Slave, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer, Cecil Hemley
Collected Stories I: Gimpel the Fool to The Letter Writer, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer, Ilan Stavans
Blind Flight, authors: Hilary H. Milton
Tornado!, authors: Hilary H. Milton
From the Age of Discovery to a World at War (America: The Last Best Hope #1), authors: William J. Bennett
Democracy in America Volume 2, authors: Alexis de Tocqueville, Eduardo Brandão, Phillips Bradley, Luann Walther
On Democracy  Revolution  and Society, authors: Alexis de Tocqueville, John Stone, Stephen Mennell
The Two Tocquevilles  Father and Son, authors: R.R. Palmer
The Iron Dragon's Daughter, authors: Michael Swanwick
The Book of Five Rings, authors: Miyamoto Musashi, Thomas Cleary
The Book of Five Rings, authors: Miyamoto Musashi, Thomas Cleary
The Lord of the Rings Sketchbook, authors: Alan  Lee, Ian McKellen
Birthday (Ring  #4), authors: Kōji Suzuki, Glynne Walley
The Book of Five Rings, authors: Miyamoto Musashi, William Scott Wilson, Shiro Tsujimura
The Deception of the Emerald Ring (Pink Carnation  #3), authors: Lauren Willig
Only the Ring Finger Knows: The Ring Finger Falls Silent (Only the Ring Finger Knows #3), authors: Satoru Kannagi, Hotaru Odagiri
Only the Ring Finger Knows: The Left Hand Dreams of Him (Only the Ring Finger Knows  #2), authors: Satoru Kannagi, Hotaru Odagiri
1000 Rings: Inspiring Adornments for the Hand, authors: Marthe Le Van, Robert W. Ebendorf, Lark Books
The Postman Always Rings Twice, authors: James M. Cain
The Ring Bearer, authors: Laura Godwin, John Wallace
Legend of the Five Rings RPG, authors: Rich Wulf, Shawn Carman, Seth Mason, Rob Vaux, Katie Yates, Brian Yoon, Fred Wan, D.J. Trindle
The Lord of the Rings and Philosophy: One Book to Rule Them All, authors: Gregory Bassham, Eric Bronson
The Ruby Ring, authors: Diane Haeger
Only the Ring Finger Knows: The Lonely Ring Finger (Only the Ring Finger Knows  #1), authors: Satoru Kannagi, Hotaru Odagiri, Allison Markin Powell
The Rings of Saturn, authors: W.G. Sebald, Michael Hulse
Only the Ring Finger Knows, authors: Satoru Kannagi, Hotaru Odagiri, Sachiko Sato
The Ring  Volume 1, authors: Misao Inagaki, Hiroshi Takahashi
The Road To War  1933 39, authors: Andrew      Hunt
The Drifting Classroom  Vol. 5 (Drifting Classroom), authors: Kazuo Umezu
The Drifting Classroom  Vol. 1, authors: Kazuo Umezu
The Drifting Classroom  Vol. 6 (The Drifting Classroom), authors: Kazuo Umezu
The Drifting Classroom  Vol. 7 (The Drifting Classroom), authors: Kazuo Umezu
The Drifting Classroom  Vol. 2 (Drifting Classroom), authors: Kazuo Umezu
The Drifting Classroom  Vol. 4 (Drifting Classroom), authors: Kazuo Umezu
The Franco-Prussian War, authors: Michael Eliot Howard
My Uncle Napoleon, authors: Iraj Pezeshkzad, Dick Davis, Azar Nafisi
Hadji Murad, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Aylmer Maude, Louise Maude, Azar Nafisi
Shahnameh: The Persian Book of Kings, authors: Abolqasem Ferdowsi, Dick Davis, Azar Nafisi
Killer 7 Official Strategy Guide, authors: Brady Games
Castlevania: Curse of Darkness Official Strategy Guide, authors: Brady Games
World of Warcraft Atlas, authors: Brady Games
Manhunt Official Strategy Guide, authors: Tim Bogenn
The Road to Jerusalem (The Knight Templar  #1), authors: Jan Guillou, Anna Paterson
Buddhism: A Concise Introduction, authors: Huston Smith, Philip Novak
Cleansing the Doors of Perception: The Religious Significance of Entheogenic Plants and Chemicals, authors: Huston Smith
I'll Be Home Before Midnight and I Won't Get Pregnant, authors: Anthony E. Wolf
Beneath the Wheel, authors: Hermann Hesse, Michael E. Roloff
Love Mode  Vol. 3, authors: Yuki Shimizu
Love Mode  Vol. 1, authors: Yuki Shimizu
Love Mode  Vol. 5, authors: Yuki Shimizu
Love Mode  Vol. 2, authors: Yuki Shimizu
Love Mode  Vol. 6, authors: Yuki Shimizu
Balzac And The Little Chinese Seamstress, authors: Dai Sijie, Ina Rilke
Lost Illusions (La Comédie Humaine), authors: Honoré de Balzac, Ellen Marriage, George Saintsbury
The Black Sheep, authors: Honoré de Balzac, Donald Adamson
A Harlot High and Low, authors: Honoré de Balzac, Rayner Heppenstall
The Unknown Masterpiece, authors: Honoré de Balzac
The Girl With The Golden Eyes, authors: Honoré de Balzac
Le Chef-D'Œuvre Inconnu, authors: Honoré de Balzac
Cousin Pons, authors: Honoré de Balzac, Herbert J. Hunt
The Medium is the Massage, authors: Marshall McLuhan, Quentin Fiore, Jerome Agel
Essential McLuhan, authors: Marshall McLuhan, Eric McLuhan, Frank Zingrone
Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man, authors: Marshall McLuhan, W. Terrence Gordon, Philip B. Meggs
The Best American Sports Writing 2006, authors: Michael     Lewis, Glenn Stout
Kinfolk, authors: Pearl S. Buck
Pearl S. Buck: A Cultural Biography, authors: Peter Conn
The Mother, authors: Pearl S. Buck
Glamorama, authors: Bret Easton Ellis
Glamorama, authors: Bret Easton Ellis, Pierre Guglielmina
Bright Lights  Big Ass, authors: Jen Lancaster
Morrigan's Cross (Circle Trilogy  #1), authors: Nora Roberts
Rebellion (The MacGregors  #0.1), authors: Nora Roberts
Dream Makers: Untamed / Less of a Stranger, authors: Nora Roberts
Spellbound (Once Upon  #1), authors: Nora Roberts
Angels Fall, authors: Nora Roberts
True Betrayals / Montana Sky / Sanctuary, authors: Nora Roberts
First Impressions, authors: Nora Roberts
Public Secrets, authors: Nora Roberts
The MacGregors: Serena & Caine (The MacGregors  #1 -2), authors: Nora Roberts
The MacGregors: Alan & Grant (The MacGregors  #3-4), authors: Nora Roberts
Kissing in Manhattan, authors: David Schickler
Making Democracy Work: Civic Traditions in Modern Italy, authors: Robert D. Putnam
The Comparative Study of Political Elites, authors: Robert D. Putnam
A Random Walk Down Wall Street, authors: Burton G. Malkiel
A Random Walk Down Wall Street, authors: Burton G. Malkiel, Christopher Flavin
Identity Crisis, authors: Brad Meltzer, Rags Morales, Michael Bair, Joss Whedon
Superman: Secret Identity, authors: Kurt Busiek, Stuart Immonen
The Dissociative Identity Disorder Sourcebook, authors: Deborah Bray Haddock
Double Identity, authors: Margaret Peterson Haddix
Identity, authors: Milan Kundera, Linda Asher
Slowness, authors: Milan Kundera, Linda Asher
Laughable Loves, authors: Milan Kundera, Suzanne Rappaport
Learned Optimism: How to Change Your Mind and Your Life, authors: Martin E.P. Seligman
Homer Price, authors: Robert McCloskey
The Classical World: An Epic History from Homer to Hadrian, authors: Robin Lane Fox
The Children's Homer: The Adventures of Odysseus and the Tale of Troy, authors: Padraic Colum, Willy Pogány
The Coalwood Way: A Memoir  (Coalwood  #2), authors: Homer Hickam
Man's Search for Meaning, authors: Viktor E. Frankl, Ilse Lasch, Harold S. Kushner, William J. Winslade
Man's Search for Meaning, authors: Viktor E. Frankl, Ilse Lasch, Gordon W. Allport
Good Grief: The Story of Charles M. Schulz, authors: Rheta Grimsley Johnson
Peanuts: The Art of Charles M. Schulz, authors: Chip Kidd, Jean Schulz, Charles M. Schulz, Geoff Spear
Autobiography of a Yogi, authors: Paramahansa Yogananda
To the Last Man: A Novel of the First World War, authors: Jeff Shaara
African Nights, authors: Kuki Gallmann
Angels & Demons (Robert Langdon  #1), authors: Dan Brown
Letters of St. Augustine, authors: Augustine of Hippo
Love and Saint Augustine, authors: Hannah Arendt, Joanna Vecchiarelli Scott, Judith Chelius Stark
Healthy Cooking for IBS: 100 Delicious Recipes to Keep You Symptom-Free, authors: Sophie Braimbridge, Erica Jankovich
Me vs. Me, authors: Sarah Mlynowski
Spells & Sleeping Bags (Magic in Manhattan  #3), authors: Sarah Mlynowski
Bras & Broomsticks (Magic in Manhattan  #1), authors: Sarah Mlynowski
Monkey Business, authors: Sarah Mlynowski
Frogs & French Kisses (Magic in Manhattan  #2), authors: Sarah Mlynowski
Big Anthony and the Magic Ring, authors: Tomie dePaola
Patrick: Patron Saint of Ireland, authors: Tomie dePaola
The Rattle-Rat, authors: Janwillem van de Wetering
Robert Van Gulik: His Life His Work, authors: Janwillem van de Wetering, Arthur P. Yin
Revolutionary Girl Utena  Vol. 2: To Plant, authors: Chiho Saito
Revolutionary Girl Utena  Vol. 3: To Sprout, authors: Chiho Saito, Be-Pas
Revolutionary Girl Utena  Vol. 4: To Bud, authors: Chiho Saito
Revolutionary Girl Utena  Vol. 5: To Blossom, authors: Chiho Saito, Lillian Olsen, Be-Papas
The Enneads, authors: Plotinus, Stephen MacKenna, John M. Dillon
Ennead IV (Plotinus IV), authors: Plotinus, A.H. Armstrong
Anaximander  Heraclitus  Parmenides  Plotinus  Lao-Tzu  Nagarjuna (from Great Philosophers 2), authors: Karl Jaspers, Ralph Manheim
The Cultural Cold War: The CIA and the World of Arts and Letters, authors: Frances Stonor Saunders
Trust Fund, authors: Stephen W. Frey
The Chairman (Christian Gillette  #1), authors: Stephen W. Frey
The Mystery of the Ancient Pyramid: Cairo  Egypt (Around the World in 80 Mysteries), authors: Carole Marsh
The Mystery in the Rocky Mountains, authors: Carole Marsh
The Mystery on the Mighty Mississippi, authors: Carole Marsh
Medal of Honor: Rising Sun (Prima's Official Strategy Guide), authors: Mark Cohen
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion -- Revised & Expanded (Xbox360  PC) (Prima Official Game Guide), authors: Peter Olafson
Social Intelligence: The New Science of Human Relationships, authors: Daniel Goleman
The Power of Truth: A Leading with Emotional Intelligence Conversation with Warren Bennis, authors: Daniel Goleman, Warren Bennis
Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ, authors: Daniel Goleman
Healing Emotions: Conversations with the Dalai Lama on Mindfulness  Emotions  and Health, authors: Daniel Goleman
The MacMillan Bible Atlas, authors: Yohanan Aharoni, Michael Avi-Yonah
Paris 1919: Six Months that Changed the World, authors: Margaret MacMillan, Richard Holbrooke
Scripta Minora: Hiero/Agesilaus/Constitution of the Lacedaemonians/Ways & Means/Cavalry Commander/Art of Horsemanship/On Hunting/Constitution of the Athenians, authors: Xenophon, Edgar C. Marchant, G.W. Bowersock
Primary English: Knowledge and Understanding, authors: Jane Medwell, David Wray
The Philosophy of Hegel, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Carl Joachim Friedrich
Wissenschaft der Logik: Die Lehre Vom Begriff (1816), authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Existentialism from Dostoevsky to Sartre, authors: Walter Kaufmann
Anti-Semite and Jew: An Exploration of the Etiology of Hate, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre, Michael Walzer, George J. Becker
CSS: The Definitive Guide, authors: Eric A. Meyer
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 14 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #14), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Fullmetal Alchemist: The Abducted Alchemist (Fullmetal Alchemist  #2), authors: Makoto Inoue, Hiromu Arakawa, Alexander O. Smith, Rich Amtower
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 12 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #12), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
Programming in C, authors: Stephen G. Kochan
Java: An Introduction to Problem Solving and Programming, authors: Walter J. Savitch
Absolute C++, authors: Walter J. Savitch
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, Edward McCrorie, Richard P. Martin
The Odyssey (New Translations from Antiquity), authors: Homer, Edward McCrorie, Richard P. Martin
Bulfinch's Mythology, authors: Thomas Bulfinch, Richard P. Martin
Teaching Reading Comprehension to Students with Learning Difficulties, authors: Janette K. Klingner, Sharon R. Vaughn, Alison Boardman
Seven Gothic Tales, authors: Isak Dinesen, Karen Blixen
Last Tales, authors: Isak Dinesen, Karen Blixen
Isak Dinesen: The Life of a Storyteller, authors: Judith Thurman
Out of Africa / Shadows on the Grass, authors: Isak Dinesen, Karen Blixen
Letters from Africa  1914-1931, authors: Isak Dinesen, Karen Blixen, Frans Lasson, Anne   Born
Witness, authors: Karen Hesse
The Cats In Krasinski Square, authors: Karen Hesse, Wendy Watson
The Music of Dolphins, authors: Karen Hesse
Verbatim: From the bawdy to the sublime  the best writing on language for word lovers  grammar mavens  and armchair linguists, authors: Erin McKean
Sisters, authors: Danielle Steel
The Long Road Home, authors: Danielle Steel
Three Plays of Euripides: Alcestis/Medea/The Bacchae, authors: Euripides, Paul Roche
Leadership Challenge, authors: James M. Kouzes
The Kestrel (Westmark  #2), authors: Lloyd Alexander
The God in the Moon (Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures: A Soldier's Quest  #1), authors: Richard A. Knaak
Firedrake (Dragonrealm #1), authors: Richard A. Knaak
Night of Blood (Dragonlance: The Minotaur Wars  #1), authors: Richard A. Knaak, Margaret Weis
The Eye of Charon (Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures: A Soldier's Quest  #2), authors: Richard A. Knaak
Children of the Drake (Dragonrealm: Origins  #2), authors: Richard A. Knaak
Sleeping Beauty Trilogy (Sleeping Beauty  #1-3), authors: A.N. Roquelaure, Anne Rice
Beauty's Punishment, authors: A.N. Roquelaure, Anne Rice
The Land of the Dead (Tales from the Odyssey  #2), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Homer, Troy Howell
The One-Eyed Giant (Tales from the Odyssey  #1), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Homer, Troy Howell
Tsunamis and Other Natural Disasters (Magic Tree House Research Guide  #15), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Natalie Pope Boyce, Salvatore Murdocca
The Final Battle (Tales from the Odyssey  #6), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Troy Howell
Ancient Greece and the Olympics (Magic Tree House Research Guide  #10), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Natalie Pope Boyce, Salvatore Murdocca
Ancient Rome and Pompeii (Magic Tree House Research Guide  #14), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Natalie Pope Boyce, Salvatore Murdocca
Haunted Castle on Hallows Eve (Magic Tree House #30), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Salvatore Murdocca
Earthquake in the Early Morning (Magic Tree House  #24), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Salvatore Murdocca
E.E. Cummings: Complete Poems 1904-1962 (Revised  Corrected  and Expanded Edition), authors: E.E. Cummings, George J. Firmage
Selected Poems, authors: E.E. Cummings, Richard S. Kennedy
Tulips & Chimneys, authors: E.E. Cummings, Richard S. Kennedy
Kokopelli: The Magic  Mirth  and Mischief of an Ancient Symbol, authors: Dennis Slifer, R. Carlos Nakai
The Coal Tattoo, authors: Silas House
Clay's Quilt, authors: Silas House
Things Pondered: From the Heart of a Lesser Woman, authors: Beth Moore
Scholastic Success with 4th Grade Workbook, authors: Terry Cooper
The Punisher  Vol. 6: Confederacy of Dunces, authors: Garth Ennis
Thunderbird Falls  (Walker Papers  #2), authors: C.E. Murphy
Coyote Dreams (Walker Papers  #3), authors: C.E. Murphy
Savage Anamoly: The Power of Spinoza’s Metaphysics and Politics, authors: Antonio Negri, Michael Hardt
Time for Revolution, authors: Antonio Negri, Matteo Mandarini
The Philosophy of Antonio Negri  Volume One: Resistance in Practice, authors: Timothy S. Murphy, Abdul-Karim Mustapha
Act of Treason (Mitch Rapp  #9), authors: Vince Flynn
Act of Treason (Mitch Rapp  #9), authors: Vince Flynn
Act of Treason (Mitch Rapp  #9), authors: Vince Flynn
President Dad  Volume 2, authors: Ju-Yeon Rhim
Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds  BALCO  and the Steroids Scandal that Rocked Professional Sports, authors: Mark Fainaru-Wada, Lance Williams
Dark Water, authors: Kōji Suzuki, Glynne Walley
Dark Water's Embrace (Mictlan  #1), authors: Stephen Leigh
In Dark Waters, authors: Mary Burton
Oswald Chambers  Abandoned to God: The Life Story of the Author of My Utmost for His Highest, authors: David McCasland, Oswald Chambers
Mandie and the Abandoned Mine (Mandie  #8), authors: Lois Gladys Leppard
Abandoned Prayers: The Incredible True Story of Murder  Obsession and Amish Secrets, authors: Gregg Olsen
C++ Programmer's Notebook, authors: Jim Keogh, John Shapley Gray
The Sibley Field Guide to Birds of Western North America, authors: David Allen Sibley
The National Geographic Society: 100 Years of Adventure & Discovery, authors: C.D.B. Bryan
Park Profiles: Grand Canyon Country (Park Profiles), authors: National Geographic Society
Canada's Incredible Coasts, authors: Donald J. Crump, William R. Gray
Shout Out Loud! 2, authors: Satosumi Takaguchi
Shout Out Loud! 5, authors: Satosumi Takaguchi
Can't Win With You 1, authors: Satosumi Takaguchi, Yukine Honami
叫んでやるぜ! (1) (あすかコミックスCL-DX), authors: Satosumi Takaguchi, Satosumi Takaguchi
叫んでやるぜ! (2) (ASUKA COMICS CL-DX), authors: Satosumi Takaguchi, Satosumi Takaguchi
Soups, authors: Norman Kolpas, Allan Rosenberg, Chuck Williams, Laurie Wertz
Pies and Tarts, authors: Chuck Williams, Laurie Wertz, John Phillip Carroll
The Fate of Reason: German Philosophy from Kant to Fichte, authors: Frederick C. Beiser
Michael's Golden Rules, authors: Deloris Jordan, Roslyn M. Jordan, Michael Jordan, Kadir Nelson
Confessions of an Actor, authors: Laurence Olivier
For Lust of Knowing: The Orientalists and Their Enemies, authors: Robert Irwin
The Arabian Nightmare, authors: Robert Irwin
The Plot Against America, authors: Philip Roth
Continental Drift, authors: Russell Banks
The Darling, authors: Russell Banks
Affliction, authors: Russell Banks, Pierre Furlan
Success Stories, authors: Russell Banks
Cloudsplitter, authors: Russell Banks
A Multitude of Sins, authors: Richard Ford
The Custom of the Country, authors: Edith Wharton, Linda Wagner-Martin
Quicksand, authors: Nella Larsen
Their Eyes Were Watching God, authors: Zora Neale Hurston, Ruby Dee
Novels and Stories, authors: Zora Neale Hurston, Cheryl A. Wall
Plato on Knowledge and Reality, authors: Nicholas P. White
A Companion to Plato's Republic, authors: Nicholas P. White
Something Rotten (Thursday Next  #4), authors: Jasper Fforde
Lost in a Good Book (Thursday Next  #2), authors: Jasper Fforde
The Well of Lost Plots (Thursday Next #3), authors: Jasper Fforde
First Among Sequels (Thursday Next  #5), authors: Jasper Fforde
The Eyre Affair (Thursday Next  #1), authors: Jasper Fforde
The Eyre Affair (Thursday Next  #1), authors: Jasper Fforde
Chop Shop (Bug Man  #2), authors: Tim Downs
Shoofly Pie (Bug Man  #1), authors: Tim Downs
RG Veda  Vol. 01, authors: CLAMP
Augustine, authors: Henry Chadwick
The Church in Ancient Society: From Galilee to Gregory the Great (History of the Christian Church), authors: Henry Chadwick
East and West: The Making of a Rift in the Church from Apostolic Times until the Council of Florence (History of the Christian Church), authors: Henry Chadwick
Satan in Goray, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer, Jacob Sloan, Ruth R. Wisse
Lights Out, authors: Peter Abrahams
Behind the Curtain (Echo Falls  #2), authors: Peter Abrahams
Red Message, authors: Peter Abrahams
Her Smoke Rose Up Forever, authors: James Tiptree Jr.
The Starry Rift, authors: James Tiptree Jr.
Teaching to Transgress: Education as the Practice of Freedom, authors: bell hooks
Desde mi cielo, authors: Alice Sebold, Aurora Echevarría
The Roman Empire, authors: Colin      Wells
Bitter Is the New Black: Confessions of a Condescending  Egomaniacal  Self-Centered Smartass  Or  Why You Should Never Carry A Prada Bag to the Unemployment Office, authors: Jen Lancaster
Economics, authors: Paul Krugman, Robin Wells
Development  Geography  and Economic Theory, authors: Paul Krugman
Pop Internationalism, authors: Paul Krugman
An Unquiet Grave (Louis Kincaid  #7), authors: P.J. Parrish
Island Of Bones (Louis Kincaid  #5), authors: P.J. Parrish
Dead Of Winter (Louis Kincaid  #2), authors: P.J. Parrish
Thicker Than Water (Louis Kincaid  #4), authors: P.J. Parrish
Teleportation: From Star Trek to Tesla, authors: Commander X, Tim R. Swartz
Pictures Showing What Happens on Each Page of Thomas Pynchon's Novel Gravity's Rainbow, authors: Zak Smith, Steve Erickson
Sailing the Wine-Dark Sea: Why the Greeks Matter, authors: Thomas Cahill
The Gospel According to Luke, authors: Anonymous, Thomas Cahill
The Third Policeman, authors: Flann O'Brien, Denis Donoghue
The Landmark Thucydides: A Comprehensive Guide to the Peloponnesian War, authors: Thucydides, Robert B. Strassler, Richard Crawley, Victor Davis Hanson
Six Haunted Hairdos (The Hamlet Chronicles  #2), authors: Gregory Maguire, Elaine Clayton
Dancing in the Flames: The Dark Goddess in the Transformation of Consciousness, authors: Marion Woodman, Elinor Dickson
The Complete Book of Home  Site and Office Security: Selecting  Installing and Troubleshooting Systems and Devices, authors: Bill   Phillips
Pope Joan, authors: Donna Woolfolk Cross
Pope Joan: Translated & Adapted from the Greek, authors: Emmanuel Rhoides, Lawrence Durrell
Glass Houses (The Morganville Vampires  #1), authors: Rachel Caine
The Glass House (Captain Lacey  #3), authors: Ashley Gardner
Glass House, authors: Philip Johnson, Toshio Nakamura
The Echo of Greece, authors: Edith Hamilton
Three Greek Plays: Prometheus Bound/Agamemnon/The Trojan Women, authors: Euripides, Aeschylus, Edith Hamilton
The Analects, authors: Confucius, D.C. Lau
The Twentieth Wife (Taj Mahal Trilogy  #1), authors: Indu Sundaresan
La Emperatriz tras el velo (Trilogía Taj Mahal  #1), authors: Indu Sundaresan, Alberto Coscarelli
A History of God: The 4 000-Year Quest of Judaism  Christianity  and Islam, authors: Karen Armstrong
Buddha, authors: Karen Armstrong
Islam: A Short History, authors: Karen Armstrong
The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness, authors: Karen Armstrong
The Battle for God: A History of Fundamentalism, authors: Karen Armstrong
Muhammad: A Biography of the Prophet, authors: Karen Armstrong
The Analects of Confucius: A Philosophical Translation, authors: Confucius, Henry Rosemont Jr., Roger T. Ames
Analects, authors: Confucius, Edward Slingerland
Hiroshima, authors: John Hersey
The Wall, authors: John Hersey
Silent Spring, authors: Rachel Carson, Linda Lear, Edward O. Wilson
The House of Life: Rachel Carson at Work, authors: Paul Brooks, Rachel Carson
Under the Sea Wind (Nature Classic), authors: Rachel Carson, Bob Hines
Black Meets White, authors: Justine Korman Fontes, Geoff Waring
Back Bay (Peter Fallon  #1), authors: William Martin
Letters from the Bay of Islands: The Story of Marianne Williams, authors: Marianne Williams, Caroline Fitzgerald
Since "Silent Spring, authors: Frank  Graham
A Civil Action, authors: Jonathan Harr
The Lost Painting, authors: Jonathan Harr
The Lost Painting, authors: Jonathan Harr
Gideon's Trumpet: How One Man  a Poor Prisoner  Took His Case to the Supreme Court-And Changed the Law of the United States, authors: Anthony  Lewis
The Library of Greek Mythology, authors: Apollodorus, Robin Hard
The Library 1  Books 1-3.9, authors: Apollodorus, James George Frazer
The Library of Apollodorus: Gods and Heroes of the Greeks, authors: Apollodorus, Selwyn Reginald Cudjoe, Leonard Baskin
Apollodorus' Library and Hyginus' Myths: Two Handbooks of Greek Mythology, authors: Apollodorus, Hyginus, R. Scott Smith, Stephen M. Trzaskoma
Mythographi Graeci 1: Apollodori Bibliotheca  Apollodori epitoma  Procli excerpta ex cycli epici carminibus  Pediasmi libellus de duodecim Herculis...Graecorum et Romanorum Teubneriana, authors: Apollodorus, Richard Wagner
Theogony / Works and Days, authors: Hesiod, M.L. West
The Works and Days/Theogony, authors: Hesiod
Theogony/Works and Days/Shield, authors: Hesiod, Apostolos N. Athanassakis
The Works and Days/Theogony/The Shield of Herakles, authors: Hesiod, Richmond Lattimore
The Poems, authors: Hesiod, R.M. Frazer, Mary Sue Roniger
Theogonia  Opera et Dies  Scutum  Fragmenta Selecta (Classical Texts), authors: Hesiod, Friedrich Solmsen, Reinholdo Merkelbach
Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns, authors: Hesiod, Daryl Hine
The Georgics of Virgil, authors: Virgil, David Ferry
The Death of Virgil, authors: Hermann Broch, Jean Starr Untermeyer
The Eclogues of Virgil, authors: Virgil, David Ferry
The Art of the Personal Essay: An Anthology from the Classical Era to the Present, authors: Phillip Lopate
The Art of the Personal Essay: An Anthology from the Classical Era to the Present, authors: Phillip Lopate
Waterfront: A Walk Around Manhattan, authors: Phillip Lopate
The DC Comics Encyclopedia, authors: Scott Beatty, Robert Greenberger, Phil Jimenez, Daniel  Wallace
The Marvel Encyclopedia, authors: Tom DeFalco, Peter Sanderson, Michael Teitelbaum, Daniel  Wallace, Tom Brevoort, Andrew Darling
Reinventing Jesus: How Contemporary Skeptics Miss the Real Jesus and Mislead Popular Culture, authors: J. Ed Komoszewski, Daniel B. Wallace, M. James Sawyer
The Great Gatsby, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Matthew J. Bruccoli
Daniel Deronda, authors: George Eliot, Earl L. Dachslager, George Stade
King Leopold's Ghost, authors: Adam Hochschild
The End of Days (The Earth Chronicles  #7), authors: Zecharia Sitchin
Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic, authors: Esther Perel
The Mating Mind: How Sexual Choice Shaped the Evolution of Human Nature, authors: Geoffrey Miller
The Evolution Of Desire: Strategies of Human Mating, authors: David M. Buss
Middlesex, authors: Jeffrey Eugenides
The Liberated Bride, authors: A.B. Yehoshua, Hillel Halkin
Plan of Attack, authors: Bob Woodward, Alice Mayhew
The Commanders, authors: Bob Woodward
Veil: The Secret Wars of the CIA 1981-1987, authors: Bob Woodward
Shadow: Five Presidents and the Legacy of Watergate, authors: Bob Woodward
The Brethren: Inside the Supreme Court, authors: Bob Woodward, Scott Armstrong
Katy and the Big Snow (Book & Cassette), authors: Virginia Lee Burton
Left Behind (Left Behind  #1), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
Armageddon: The Cosmic Battle of the Ages (Left Behind  #11), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
Desecration (Left Behind  #9), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
Nicolae (Left Behind  #3), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty, authors: Muhammad Yunus, Alan Jolis
Working with Emotional Intelligence, authors: Daniel Goleman
On Intelligence, authors: Jeff Hawkins, Sandra Blakeslee
The Emotional Intelligence Quick Book: Everything You Need to Know to Put Your EQ to Work, authors: Travis Bradberry, Jean Greaves, Patrick Lencioni
Financial Intelligence: A Manager's Guide to Knowing What the Numbers Really Mean, authors: Karen Berman, Joe Knight, John  Case
Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, authors: Stuart Russell, Peter Norvig
Most Likely to Succeed at Work: How Work Is Just Like High School -- Crib Notes for Getting Along and Getting Ahead Amidst Bullies  Teachers' Pets  Cheerleaders  and Other Members of the "Class, authors: Wilma Davidson, Jack   Dougherty
Walking with the Wind: A Memoir of the Movement, authors: John             Lewis, Michael D'Orso
Jackie After Jack: Portrait of the Lady, authors: Christopher Andersen, Christopher Andersen
To Battle the Gods (Jalav  Amazon Warrior  #5), authors: Sharon Green
A Tale of Love and Darkness, authors: Amos Oz, Nicholas de Lange
What Went Wrong? The Clash Between Islam & Modernity in the Middle East, authors: Bernard Lewis
Not Even Wrong: The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law, authors: Peter Woit
Boy  Were  We Wrong About Dinosaurs!, authors: Kathleen V. Kudlinski, S.D. Schindler
There Is Nothing Wrong with You: Going Beyond Self-Hate, authors: Cheri Huber, June Shiver
Dead Wrong (Joanna Brady  #12), authors: J.A. Jance
Sixty Million Frenchmen Can't Be Wrong, authors: Jean-Benoît Nadeau, Julie Barlow
The Perfect Wrong Note: Learning to Trust Your Musical Self, authors: William Westney
In the Footsteps of Mr. Kurtz: Living on the Brink of Disaster in Mobutu's Congo, authors: Michela Wrong
Acts of Faith, authors: Philip Caputo
Simple Acts of Faith: Heartwarming Stories of One Life Touching Another, authors: Margaret Feinberg, Norman Rockwell
The Cross From A Distance: Atonement In Mark's Gospel, authors: Peter G. Bolt
Cults in Our Midst: The Continuing Fight Against Their Hidden Menace, authors: Margaret Thaler Singer, Robert Jay Lifton
Mortals, authors: Norman Rush
Whites, authors: Norman Rush
Hasta que te encuentre, authors: John Irving, Carlos Milla Soler
Howards End, authors: E.M. Forster, Benjamin DeMott, Regina Marler
Women  Cats: The History of a Love Affair, authors: Michelle Lovric, Lisa Pentreath
EULIS! The History of Love, authors: Paschal Beverly Randolph
Secretos De Familia, authors: Julia Glass
Accidental Empires, authors: Robert X. Cringely
The Complete ACOA Sourcebook: Adult Children of Alcoholics at Home  at Work and in Love, authors: Janet Geringer Woititz, Robert J. Ackerman
Bury the Chains, authors: Adam Hochschild
Bury the Chains, authors: Adam Hochschild
On Christian Belief (Works of Saint Augustine), authors: Augustine of Hippo, Boniface Ramsey, Michael Fiedrowicz
Mary Stewart's Merlin Trilogy (Arthurian Saga  #1-3), authors: Mary  Stewart
Touch Not the Cat, authors: Mary  Stewart
The Gabriel Hounds, authors: Mary  Stewart
The Wicked Day (Arthurian Saga  #4), authors: Mary  Stewart
The Moonspinners, authors: Mary  Stewart
This Rough Magic, authors: Mary  Stewart
Nine Coaches Waiting, authors: Mary  Stewart, Sandra Brown
Airs Above the Ground, authors: Mary  Stewart
Madam  Will You Talk?, authors: Mary  Stewart
The Night of Wishes, authors: Michael Ende, Heike Schwarzbauer, Rick Takvorian, Regina Kehn, Regina Jehn
Mirror in the Mirror, authors: Michael Ende, J. Maxwell Brownjohn
The Greek's Royal Mistress (Princess Brides  #2), authors: Jane Porter
La Cantatrice chauve / La Leçon, authors: Eugène Ionesco
Death of a Perfect Wife (Hamish Macbeth  #4), authors: M.C. Beaton
Cold Sleep (Cold Series #1), authors: Narise Konohara, Nanao Saikawa, Douglas W. Dlin
The Restless Sleep: Inside New York City's Cold Case Squad, authors: Stacy Horn
L'Étranger, authors: Albert Camus
La caída, authors: Albert Camus, Manuel de Lope
Le Premier homme, authors: Albert Camus, Catherine Camus
Noces, authors: Albert Camus
How to Be a Perfect Stranger: The Essential Religious Etiquette Handbook, authors: Stuart M. Matlins
The Basic Political Writings, authors: Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Donald A. Cress, Peter Gray
Henri Rousseau: Jungles in Paris, authors: Christopher   Green, Frances Morris, Nancy Ireson, Claire Freches-Thory
Julie  or the New Heloise, authors: Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Philip Stewart, Jean Vache
Anesthesiology Review, authors: Ronald J. Faust, Roy F. Cucchiara, Denise J. Wedel, C. Thomas Wass, Stephen H. Rose, Thomas N. Spackman
Faust  Part Two, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Philip Wayne
The Jew of Malta, authors: Christopher Marlowe, H. Havelock Ellis
The Trumpeter of Krakow, authors: Eric P. Kelly, Janina Domanska
Numerical Recipes in C: The Art of Scientific Computing, authors: William H. Press, Saul A. Teukolsky, William T. Vetterling, Brian P. Flannery
Numerical Recipes Example Book C++: The Art of Scientific Computing, authors: William T. Vetterling, William H. Press, Saul A. Teukolsky
Numerical Recipes: Example Book C, authors: William T. Vetterling, Saul A. Teukolsky, William H. Press, Brian P. Flannery
Eugene Onegin, authors: Alexander Pushkin, James E. Falen
Eugene Onegin, authors: Alexander Pushkin, Charles Johnston, Michael Basker, John Bayley
Eugene Onegin, authors: Alexander Pushkin, Charles Johnston, John Bayley
Eugene Onegin, authors: Alexander Pushkin, Walter W. Arndt
Eugene Onegin: A Novel in Verse (Vol. 1), authors: Alexander Pushkin, Vladimir Nabokov
Eugene Onegin  Vol. II (Commentary), authors: Alexander Pushkin, Vladimir Nabokov
Eugene Onegin: A Novel in Verse, authors: Alexander Pushkin, Douglas R. Hofstadter
Eugene Onegin, authors: Alexander Pushkin, Tom Beck
Data Structures and Algorithms in Java, authors: Michael T. Goodrich, Roberto Tamassia
Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C++, authors: Mark Allen Weiss
Data Structures and Algorithms in C++, authors: Adam Drozdek
Data Structures and Abstractions with Java, authors: Frank M. Carrano, Walter J. Savitch
Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C, authors: Mark Allen Weiss
Data Structures and Algorithms in C++, authors: Adam Drozdek
Algorithms in C  Parts 1-4: Fundamentals  Data Structures  Sorting  Searching, authors: Robert Sedgewick
Savage Stone Age Sticker Book (Horrible Histories), authors: Terry Deary
The Girl  the Dragon  and the Wild Magic (Rhianna  #1), authors: Dave Luckett
Wildfire (Drinker of Souls: Wild Magic  #2), authors: Jo Clayton
A Sudden Wild Magic, authors: Diana Wynne Jones
Wild Magic (Drinker of Souls: Wild Magic  #1), authors: Jo Clayton
Exile's Children (Exiles  #1), authors: Angus Wells
Lords of the Sky, authors: Angus Wells
On a Dark Night I Left My Silent House, authors: Peter Handke, Krishna Winston
Selected Writings, authors: Augustine of Hippo, Emilie Griffin, Mary T. Clark, Francine du Plessix Gray
The Essential Augustine, authors: Augustine of Hippo, Vernon J. Bourke
A Mortal Bane (Magdalene La Batarde  #1), authors: Roberta Gellis
Crimes Against Nature: How George W. Bush and His Corporate Pals Are Plundering the Country and Hijacking Our Democracy, authors: Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
A Lie and a Libel: The History of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, authors: Binjamin W. Segel, Richard S. Levy, Sergei Nilus
Citizen X: Killer Department, authors: Robert Cullen
A Mulligan for Bobby Jobe: A Novel, authors: Bob Cullen
Close Range, authors: Annie Proulx
Accordion Crimes, authors: Annie Proulx
Heart Songs and Other Stories, authors: Annie Proulx
Cider, authors: Annie Proulx, Lew Nichols
Authentic Happiness: Using the New Positive Psychology to Realize Your Potential for Lasting Fulfillment, authors: Martin E.P. Seligman
Shamanism: Archaic Techniques of Ecstasy, authors: Mircea Eliade, Wendy Doniger, Willard R. Trask
Images and Symbols: Studies in Religious Symbolism, authors: Mircea Eliade, Philip Mairet
The Myth of the Eternal Return or  Cosmos and History, authors: Mircea Eliade, Willard R. Trask
Youth Without Youth & Other Novellas (Romanian Literature & Thought in Translation), authors: Mircea Eliade, Mac L. Ricketts, Matei Călinescu
Bengal Nights, authors: Mircea Eliade, Catherine Spencer
Myth and Reality, authors: Mircea Eliade, Willard R. Trask
Dark Intimacy: Hope for Those in Difficult Prayer-Experiences, authors: David J. Hassel
As Eve Said to the Serpent: On Landscape  Gender  and Art, authors: Rebecca Solnit
River of Shadows: Eadweard Muybridge and the Technological Wild West, authors: Rebecca Solnit
Wanderlust: A History of Walking, authors: Rebecca Solnit
Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics, authors: Rebecca Solnit
Situationist International Anthology: Revised and Expanded Edition, authors: Ken Knabb
Leaving the 20th Century: The Incomplete Work of the Situationist International, authors: Chris Gray, Larry  Law
Barrel Fever and Other Stories, authors: David Sedaris, Amy Sedaris
The Birth of Venus, authors: Sarah Dunant
One Hundred Years of Solitude, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Gregory Rabassa
Gabriel García Márquez: One Hundred Years of Solitude, authors: Michael  Wood
Far Afield, authors: Susanna Kaysen
The Steps (Steps  #1), authors: Rachel Cohn
The Know-It-All: One Man's Humble Quest to Become the Smartest Person in the World, authors: A.J. Jacobs
The Eden Express: A Memoir of Insanity, authors: Mark Vonnegut, Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
A Wicked Gentleman (Cavendish Square  #1), authors: Jane Feather
A Picture Book of Thomas Jefferson (Picture Book Biographies) (Picture Book Biography), authors: David A. Adler, John Wallner, Alexandra Wallner
Bound In Blood: The Erotic Journey of a Vampire, authors: David Thomas Lord
On Vital Reserves, authors: William  James, Stephen Vicchio
Blue Shoes and Happiness (No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency #7), authors: Alexander McCall Smith
The Titan's Curse (Percy Jackson and the Olympians  #3), authors: Rick Riordan
The Sea of Monsters (Percy Jackson and the Olympians  #2), authors: Rick Riordan
The Lightning Thief (Percy Jackson and the Olympians  #1), authors: Rick Riordan
The Lightning Thief (Percy Jackson and the Olympians  #1), authors: Rick Riordan
When Santa Fell to Earth, authors: Cornelia Funke, Paul   Howard, Oliver G. Latsch
Inkheart (Inkworld  #1), authors: Cornelia Funke, Anthea Bell
Inkspell (Inkworld  #2), authors: Cornelia Funke, Anthea Bell
Ghosthunters and the Incredibly Revolting Ghost (Ghosthunters  #1), authors: Cornelia Funke
Ghosthunters and the Muddy Monster of Doom! (Ghosthunters  #4), authors: Cornelia Funke, Helena Ragg-Kirkby
The Metaphysical Club, authors: Louis Menand
Vulcan's Forge (Philip Mercer  #1), authors: Jack Du Brul
Pandora's Curse (Philip Mercer #4), authors: Jack Du Brul
Charon's Landing (Philip Mercer  #2), authors: Jack Du Brul
The Medusa Stone (Philip Mercer  #3), authors: Jack Du Brul
River Of Ruin (Philip Mercer  #5), authors: Jack Du Brul
Deep Fire Rising (Philip Mercer  #6), authors: Jack Du Brul
And the Band Played On: Politics  People  and the AIDS Epidemic, authors: Randy Shilts, William Greider
The Band Played Dixie: Race and the Liberal Conscience at Ole Miss, authors: Nadine Cohodas
La mezzanine, authors: Nicholson Baker
Checkpoint, authors: Nicholson Baker
Double Fold: Libraries and the Assault on Paper, authors: Nicholson Baker
A Box of Matches, authors: Nicholson Baker
Dark Star Safari: Overland from Cairo to Cape Town, authors: Paul Theroux
Dark Star Safari: Overland from Cairo to Cape Town, authors: Paul Theroux
The Magicians' Guild (Black Magician Trilogy  #1), authors: Trudi Canavan
The Novice (Black Magician Trilogy  #2), authors: Trudi Canavan
The High Lord (Black Magician Trilogy  #3), authors: Trudi Canavan
The Magicians' Guild (Black Magician Trilogy  #1), authors: Trudi Canavan
Stone Age Economics, authors: Marshall Sahlins
How "Natives" Think: About Captain Cook  For Example, authors: Marshall Sahlins
The Use and Abuse of Biology: An Anthropological Critique of Sociobiology, authors: Marshall Sahlins
Historical Metaphors and Mythical Realities: Structure in the Early History of the Sandwich Islands Kingdom, authors: Marshall Sahlins
Legacy of the Darksword (The Darksword  #4), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
When Rain Clouds Gather, authors: Bessie Head
Election, authors: Tom Perrotta
Joe College, authors: Tom Perrotta
A Void, authors: Georges Perec, Gilbert Adair
Things: A Story of the Sixties; A Man Asleep, authors: Georges Perec, David Bellos, Andrew Leak
W  or the Memory of Childhood, authors: Georges Perec, David Bellos
Species of Spaces and Other Pieces, authors: Georges Perec, John Sturrock
The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze and Other Stories, authors: William Saroyan
My Name is Aram, authors: William Saroyan, Don Freeman
Karate Is a Thing of the Spirit, authors: Harry Crews
La disparition, authors: Georges Perec
Las Noches Blancas. El Jugador. Un Ladrón Honrado. (Sepan Cuantos  #259), authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Los hermanos Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Alexander Pushkin, Guillermo Suazo Pascual
Crime and Punishment, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Richard Pevear, Larissa Volokhonsky
I Wish That I Had Duck Feet, authors: Theo LeSieg, Dr. Seuss, Barney Tobey
And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street, authors: Dr. Seuss
I'm the One That I Want, authors: Margaret Cho
Am I That Name?: Feminism And The Category Of Women In History, authors: Denise Riley
Zazie in the Metro, authors: Raymond Queneau, Barbara Wright, Gilbert Adair
The Blue Flowers, authors: Raymond Queneau
Witch Grass, authors: Raymond Queneau, Barbara Wright
The Last Days, authors: Raymond Queneau, Barbara Wright, Vivian Kogan
The Flight of Icarus, authors: Raymond Queneau, Barbara Wright
Heartsnatcher, authors: Boris Vian, Stanley  Chapman, Raymond Queneau, John Sturrock
Dead Souls, authors: Nikolai Gogol, Robert A. Maguire, Zlatko Crnković
Diary of a Madman and Other Stories, authors: Nikolai Gogol
In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower (In Search of Lost Time  #2), authors: Marcel Proust, James Grieve, Christopher Prendergast
Proust's Way: A Field Guide to In Search of Lost Time, authors: Roger Shattuck
Marcel Proust: A Life, authors: William C. Carter
Within a Budding Grove  Volume 2 (Remembrance of Things Past  #3), authors: Stéphane Heuet, Stanislas Brézet, Marcel Proust
In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower (In Search of Lost Time  #2), authors: Marcel Proust, James Grieve
Remembrance of Things Past: Volume II - The Guermantes Way & Cities of the Plain, authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Terence Kilmartin
The Illustrated Man, authors: Ray Bradbury
Combray (Remembrance of Things Past  #1), authors: Stéphane Heuet, Marcel Proust, Joe  Johnson
Proust And Signs: The Complete Text, authors: Gilles Deleuze, Richard Howard
Germinal, authors: Émile Zola, Roger Pearson
Taxi Driver, authors: Amy Taubin
The Masterpiece, authors: Émile Zola, Roger Pearson
His Excellency (Les Rougon-Macquart  #6), authors: Émile Zola, Andrew Moore, Ernest Alfred Vizetelly
The Ladies' Paradise, authors: Émile Zola, Robin Buss, Brian  Nelson
The Conquest of Plassans (Les Rougon-Macquart  #4), authors: Émile Zola, Ernest Alfred Vizetelly
La Bête humaine, authors: Émile Zola, Henri Mitterand
Taxi Driver, authors: Paul Schrader
La Débâcle, authors: Émile Zola, Robert Lethbridge, Elinor Dorday
The Earth, authors: Émile Zola, Douglas Parmée
Intimate Enemies, authors: Shana Abe
The Truelove Bride, authors: Shana Abe
The Secret Swan, authors: Shana Abe
The Smoke Thief (Drakon  #1), authors: Shana Abe
Strategies of Containment: A Critical Appraisal of American National Security Policy During the Cold War, authors: John Lewis Gaddis
A Frolic of His Own, authors: William Gaddis
Agapē Agape, authors: William Gaddis, Sven Birkerts, Joseph Tabbi
The Review of Contemporary Fiction: Fall 2001: Gilbert Sorrentino/William Gaddis/Mary Caponegro/Margery Latimer, authors: John      O'Brien, David Andrews, John Beer, Robert L. McLaughlin, Joy Castro
Carpenter's Gothic, authors: William Gaddis
First Love and Other Stories, authors: Ivan Turgenev, Richard Freeborn
Sketches from a Hunter's Album, authors: Ivan Turgenev, Richard Freeborn
Spring Torrents, authors: Ivan Turgenev, Leonard Schapiro
Home of the Gentry, authors: Ivan Turgenev, Richard Freeborn
ADHD in Adulthood: A Guide to Current Theory  Diagnosis  and Treatment, authors: Margaret Weiss, Gabrielle Weiss, Lily Trokenberg Hechtman
Sclerotherapy and vein treatment, authors: Robert A. Weiss, Margaret A. Weiss, Karen L. Beasley
Fantastic Alice, authors: Margaret Weis, Esther M. Friesner, Roger Zelazny, Bruce Holland Rogers, Robin Wayne Bailey, Janet Pack, Lawrence Schimel, Jody Lynn Nye, Janet Asimov, Lisa Mason, Jane Lindskold, Mickey Zucker Reichert, Lawrence Watt-Evans, Peter Crowther, Gary A. Braunbeck, Connie Hirsch, Tobin Larson, Kevin T. Stein
The Reign of Istar (Dragonlance: Tales II  #1), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Dragons of the Highlord Skies (Dragonlance: The Lost Chronicles  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Players of Gilean (Dragonlance: Tales from the War of Souls  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman, Aron Eisenberg, Jean Rabe, Richard A. Knaak, Douglas Niles, Paul B. Thompson
The Hand of Chaos (The Death Gate Cycle  #5), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Seventh Gate (The Death Gate Cycle  #7), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Into the Labyrinth (The Death Gate Cycle  #6), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Elven Star (The Death Gate Cycle  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Beyond Death: The Gates of Consciousness, authors: Stanislav Grof, Christina Grof
Elven Star (The Death Gate Cycle  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Mantle of Kendis-Dai (Starshield  #1), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Warrior Angel, authors: Margaret Weis, Lizz Weis
Dragons of a Vanished Moon (Dragonlance: The War of Souls  #3), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Starshield: Sentinels, authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Soulforge (Dragonlance: Raistlin Chronicles  #1), authors: Margaret Weis
Love and War: Tales  Volume Three (Dragonlance: Tales), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
New Amazons, authors: Margaret Weis, Jane Lindskold, Linda Baker, Kathleen M. Massie-Ferch, Cynthia Ward, Lawrence C. Connolly, John Tigges, Kate Novak, Janet Pack, James Reasoner, Livia Reasoner, Nick O'Donohoe, Anne Yvonne Gilbert, Linda Mannheim, Nancy Springer, Gary A. Braunbeck, Jo Clayton, Robyn McGrew, Kevin T. Stein, Felicia Dale, Russell          Davis
Nightsword (Starshield  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Realms of Dragons: The Universes of Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, authors: Denise Little, J. Robert King, Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman, Janet Pack, Jean Rabe
Well of Darkness (Sovereign Stone  #1), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Best of Tales: Volume Two (Dragonlance Anthology), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Search for Power (Dragonlance: Tales from the War of Souls  #3), authors: Margaret Weis
Journey Into the Void (Sovereign Stone  #3), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Magic of Krynn (DragonLance: Tales I  #1), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman, Barbara Siegel, Scott Siegel, Roger E. Moore, Warren B. Smith, Nick O'Donohoe, Richard A. Knaak, Nancy Varian Berberick, Mary L. Kirchoff, Michael   Williams
More Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home (Dragonlance: Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
Dragonsong (Harper Hall  #1), authors: Anne McCaffrey
Dragonsong (Pern: Harper Hall  #1), authors: Anne McCaffrey
Dragonsinger (Harper Hall  #2), authors: Anne McCaffrey
Dragondrums (Harper Hall  #3), authors: Anne McCaffrey
More Twisted: Collected Stories Vol. II, authors: Jeffery Deaver
The Coffin Dancer (Lincoln Rhyme  #2), authors: Jeffery Deaver
The Stone Monkey (Lincoln Rhyme  #4), authors: Jeffery Deaver
The Sleeping Doll (Kathryn Dance #1), authors: Jeffery Deaver
The Twelfth Card (Lincoln Rhyme  #6), authors: Jeffery Deaver
Hard News (Rune  #3), authors: Jeffery Deaver
Death Of A Blue Movie Star (Rune  #2), authors: Jeffery Deaver
Bloody River Blues (John Pellam  #2), authors: William Jefferies, Jeffery Deaver
Hell's Kitchen (John Pellam  #3), authors: William Jefferies, Jeffery Deaver
The Empty Chair (Lincoln Rhyme  #3), authors: Jeffery Deaver
Twisted: The Collected Short Stories, authors: Jeffery Deaver
The Vanished Man (Lincoln Rhyme  #5), authors: Jeffery Deaver
Praying for Sleep, authors: Jeffery Deaver
The Devil's Teardrop, authors: Jeffery Deaver
Judge Dredd (Audio Cassette), authors: Neal Barrett Jr., Martha Banta
Prometheus Rising, authors: Robert Anton Wilson, Israel Regardie
Tristan Taormino's True Lust, authors: Tristan Taormino
A Free Enquiry Into the Vulgarly Received Notion of Nature, authors: Robert Boyle, Michael Hunter, Edward B. Davis
The Munsters: A Trip Down Mockingbird Lane, authors: Stephen Cox, Butch Patrick, Yvonne DeCarlo
Immortality, authors: Milan Kundera, Peter Kussi
Identity, authors: Milan Kundera, Linda Asher
The Curtain: An Essay in Seven Parts, authors: Milan Kundera, Linda Asher
The Art of the Novel, authors: Milan Kundera, Linda Asher
Yours in Food  John Baldessari: with meditations on eating by Paul Auster  David Byrne  Dave Eggers  David Gilbert  Tim Griffin  Andy Grundberg  John Haskell  Michael Kimmelman  Michael More  Glenn O'Brien  Francine Prose  Peter Schjeldahl  Lynne Tillman, authors: John Baldessari, Paul Auster, Francine Prose, Peter Schjeldahl, David Byrne, Dave Eggers, David Gilbert, Tim Griffin, Andy Grundberg, John Haskell, Michael Kimmelman, Glenn O'Brien, Lynne Tillman
You Shall Know Our Velocity, authors: Dave Eggers
Thin Air (Weather Warden  #6), authors: Rachel Caine
Seven Types of Ambiguity, authors: William Empson
Traitor's Knot (Wars of Light and Shadow  #7), authors: Janny Wurts
The Curse of the Mistwraith (Wars of Light and Shadow  #1), authors: Janny Wurts
Warhost of Vastmark (Wars of Light & Shadow  #3; Arc 2 - The Ships of Merior  #2), authors: Janny Wurts
Fugitive Prince (Wars of Light and Shadow  #4), authors: Janny Wurts
Peril's Gate (Wars of Light & Shadow #6; Arc 3 - Alliance of Light  #3), authors: Janny Wurts
To Ride Hell's Chasm, authors: Janny Wurts
Grand Conspiracy (Wars of Light & Shadow #5; Arc 3 - Alliance of Light  #2), authors: Janny Wurts
Shadowplay (Shadowmarch  #2), authors: Tad Williams
Shadowmarch (Shadowmarch  #1), authors: Tad Williams
Stone of Farewell (Memory  Sorrow  and Thorn  #2), authors: Tad Williams
To Green Angel Tower (Memory  Sorrow  and Thorn  #3), authors: Tad Williams
The War of the Flowers, authors: Tad Williams
Shadowmarch (Shadowmarch  #1), authors: Tad Williams
City of Golden Shadow (Otherland  #1), authors: Tad Williams
To Green Angel Tower  Part 2 (Memory  Sorrow  and Thorn  #3; Part 2), authors: Tad Williams
Traumjäger und Goldpfote, authors: Tad Williams, Hans J. Schütz
Falling Man, authors: Don DeLillo
Ratner's Star, authors: Don DeLillo
Blood Meridian  or the Evening Redness in the West, authors: Cormac McCarthy, Harold Bloom
Blood Meridian, authors: Cormac McCarthy
Cormac McCarthy's All the Pretty Horses, authors: Harold Bloom, Amy Sickels
Four & Twenty Blackbirds (Bardic Voices  #4), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Exile's Honor (Heralds of Valdemar  #6), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Spirits White as Lightning (Bedlam's Bard  #5), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Rosemary Edghill
Beyond World's End (Bedlam's Bard  #4), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Rosemary Edghill
The Dragon Quintet, authors: Marvin Kaye, Michael Swanwick, Orson Scott Card, Mercedes Lackey, Tanith Lee, Elizabeth Moon
Fiddler Fair, authors: Mercedes Lackey
Take a Thief (Valdemar #25), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Magic's Price (Valdemar: Last Herald-Mage #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
By the Sword (Valdemar), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Oathblood (Valdemar: Vows and Honor  #3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
CivilWarLand in Bad Decline, authors: George Saunders
The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip, authors: George Saunders, Lane Smith
The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil, authors: George Saunders
The Cheese Monkeys, authors: Chip Kidd
Magic's Pawn (Valdemar: Last Herald-Mage #1), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Magic's Promise (Valdemar: Last Herald-Mage #2), authors: Mercedes Lackey
His Master's Voice, authors: Stanisław Lem, Michael Kandel
The Chain of Chance, authors: Stanisław Lem, Louis Iribarne
Fiasco, authors: Stanisław Lem, Michael Kandel
A Perfect Vacuum, authors: Stanisław Lem, Michael Kandel
Eden, authors: Stanisław Lem, Marc E. Heine
Tales of Pirx the Pilot, authors: Stanisław Lem, Louis Iribarne
The Song of Rhiannon, authors: Evangeline Walton
Why Did the Soviet Union Collapse?: Understanding Historical Change, authors: Robert W. Strayer
Ballad of the Whiskey Robber: A True Story of Bank Heists  Ice Hockey  Transylvanian Pelt Smuggling  Moonlighting Detectives  and Broken Hearts, authors: Julian Rubinstein
Changeling, authors: Roger Zelazny
The Waterborn (Children of the Changeling  #1), authors: Greg Keyes, J. Gregory Keyes
Social Psychology, authors: Elliot Aronson, Robin M. Akert, Timothy D. Wilson
Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion, authors: Robert B. Cialdini
Writings 1902-1910: The Varieties of Religious Experience / Pragmatism / A Pluralistic Universe / The Meaning of Truth / Some Problems of Philosophy / Essays, authors: William  James, Bruce Kuklick
Writings 1878–1899: Psychology: Briefer Course / The Will to Believe / Talks to Teachers and to Students / Essays, authors: William  James, Gerald Eugene Myers
The Will to Believe  Human Immortality and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy, authors: William  James
Ghost Hunters: William James and the Search for Scientific Proof of Life After Death, authors: Deborah Blum
The Principles of Psychology: Vols 1-2 (Works of William James), authors: William  James, Frederick Burkhardt, Rand B. Evans, Gerald Eugene Myers
The Story of Philosophy, authors: Will Durant, Grover Gardner
The Return of the King (The Lord of the Rings  #3), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Rob Inglis
The Book of Lost Tales  Part Two (The History of Middle-earth  #2), authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien
The Gospel According to Jesus Christ, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
El Evangelio Según Jesucristo, authors: José Saramago, Basilio Losada
The Prince, authors: Niccolò Machiavelli, Rufus Goodwin, Benjamin Martinez
The Raven Prince (Princes Trilogy  #1), authors: Elizabeth Hoyt
Le Petit Prince, authors: Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Dark Prince (Dark  #1), authors: Christine Feehan
The Princes of Ireland (The Dublin Saga  #1), authors: Edward Rutherfurd
Prince Caspian (Chronicles of Narnia  #4), authors: C.S. Lewis
Pégate un tiro para sobrevivir: un viaje personal por la América de los mitos, authors: Chuck Klosterman
A Practical Guide to Dragons, authors: Lisa Trumbauer, Emily Fiegenshuh
Dragonology (Ologies  #1), authors: Dugald A. Steer, Ernest Drake, Wayne Anderson, Helen Ward, Douglas Carrel
His Majesty's Dragon (Temeraire  #1), authors: Naomi Novik
Red Dragon (Hannibal Lecter  #1), authors: Thomas  Harris
Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff  Christ's Childhood Pal, authors: Christopher Moore
The Lost Tomb, authors: Kent R. Weeks
Fundamentals of Heat and Mass Transfer [with IHT/FEHT 3.0 CD with User Guide Set], authors: Frank P. Incropera, David P. DeWitt
Heat, authors: Mike Lupica
Heat and Mass Transfer, authors: Yunus A. Cengel
Journal of a Novel: The East of Eden Letters, authors: John Steinbeck
Never Go Back, authors: Robert Goddard
Never Go Home Again, authors: Shannon Holmes
You Can Never Go Home Again, authors: Dyan Sheldon
A Pale View of Hills, authors: Kazuo Ishiguro
An Artist of the Floating World, authors: Kazuo Ishiguro
When We Were Orphans, authors: Kazuo Ishiguro
The Unconsoled, authors: Kazuo Ishiguro
American Legal History: Cases and Materials, authors: Kermit L. Hall, Paul Finkelman, James W. Jr. Ely
Intuition, authors: Allegra Goodman
Behind the Scenes at the Museum, authors: Kate Atkinson
Emotionally Weird, authors: Kate Atkinson
Abandonment, authors: Kate Atkinson, Traverse Theatre
Familienalbum, authors: Kate Atkinson
Gimpel the Fool and Other Stories, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer, Saul Bellow, Allegra Goodman
Ein Sommernachtsspiel, authors: Kate Atkinson
Dans les coulisses du musée, authors: Kate Atkinson, Jean Bourdier
The Littles and the Lost Children, authors: John Lawrence Peterson, Jacqueline Rogers, Roberta Carter Clark
Suffer the Little Children (Commissario Brunetti  #16), authors: Donna Leon
Suffer Little Children (Sister Fidelma  #3), authors: Peter Tremayne
The Wishbones, authors: Tom Perrotta
Bad Haircut: Stories of the Seventies, authors: Tom Perrotta
One Hundred Demons, authors: Lynda Barry
The Twelve Terrors of Christmas, authors: John Updike, Edward Gorey
The Twelve Caesars, authors: Suetonius, Michael Grant, Robert Graves
The Twelve Dancing Princesses, authors: Marianna Mayer, Kinuko Y. Craft
Twelve Ordinary Men, authors: John F. MacArthur Jr.
Twelve Extraordinary Women Workbook, authors: John F. MacArthur Jr.
The Great Influenza: The Story of the Deadliest Pandemic in History, authors: John M. Barry
Paris: The Secret History, authors: Andrew Hussey
The Secret History, authors: Donna Tartt
Marijuana Horticulture: The Indoor/Outdoor Medical Grower's Bible, authors: Jorge Cervantes
The Cambridge Companion to Cervantes, authors: Anthony J. Cascardi
Exemplary Stories, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Lesley Lipson
Cervantes in Algiers: A Captive's Tale, authors: Maria Antonia Garcés
Deluxe Encyclopedia of Mandolin Chords, authors: John  Baxter, Mel Bay
CSS Cookbook, authors: Christopher Schmitt
Big Dog... Little Dog, authors: P.D. Eastman
Snow, authors: Roy McKie, P.D. Eastman
Flap Your Wings, authors: P.D. Eastman
Sam And The Firefly (Beginner Books), authors: P.D. Eastman
The Berlin Phenomenology, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Michael John Petry
The Philosophy of History, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, J. Sibree
Philosophy of Right, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, S.W. Dyde
The Mistress Manual: The Good Girl's Guide to Female Dominance, authors: Mistress Lorelei
Diary of a Mistress, authors: Miasha
Mistress Masham's Repose, authors: T.H. White, Fritz Eichenberg
The Last Unicorn, authors: Peter S. Beagle
The Last Unicorn, authors: Peter S. Beagle
The Barbed Coil, authors: J.V. Jones
Melliandra, authors: J.V. Jones
Yakitate!! Japan  Volume 1, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi
Yakitate!! Japan  Volume 2, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi
Yakitate!! Japan  Volume 3, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi
Yakitate!! Japan  Volume 4, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi
Yakitate!! Japan  Volume 7, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi
Yakitate!! Japan  Volume 5, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi
Yakitate!! Japan  Volume 6, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi
焼きたて!!ジャぱん 9 [Yakitate!! Japan 9], authors: Takashi Hashiguchi, 橋口 たかし
Brothers in Arms (Dragonlance: Raistlin Chronicles  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Don Perrin
A Magic-Lover's Treasury of the Fantastic, authors: Margaret Weis, Ursula K. Le Guin, Roger Zelazny, Christopher Stasheff, Mercedes Lackey, Ray Bradbury, Andre Norton, Jack Vance, Raymond E. Feist, C.J. Cherryh, Fritz Leiber, Melanie Rawn, Marion Zimmer Bradley, Larry Niven, Zenna Henderson, Greg Bear, Orson Scott Card, Katherine Kurtz, Joe Haldeman, Robert Silverberg, F. Paul Wilson, Keith Birdsong
Dragons in the Archives: The Best of Weis & Hickman (Dragonlance Anthology), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman, Aron Eisenberg
Guardians of the Lost (Sovereign Stone  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The War of the Lance (DragonLance: Tales II  #3), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
The Dragons at War (Dragonlance Dragons  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman, Adam Lesh
Earth  Air  Fire  Water (Tales from the Eternal Archives  #2), authors: Margaret Weis, Janet Pack, Bruce Holland Rogers, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Tanya Huff, Linda P. Baker, Michelle Sagara West, Nancy Varian Berberick, Mark A. Garland, Lawrence Schimel, Donald J. Bingle, Jane Lindskold, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Edward Carmien, Jean-François Podevin, Robyn McGrew, Carrie Channell
Time of the Twins (Dragonlance: Legends  #1), authors: Margaret Weis, Tracy Hickman
A Certain Justice (Adam Dalgliesh  #10), authors: P.D. James
A Certain Justice (Abe Glitsky  #1), authors: John Lescroart
The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother, authors: James   McBride
Lost Prophet: The Life and Times of Bayard Rustin, authors: John D'Emilio
Answers to Questions Teachers Ask about Sensory Integration: Forms  Checklists  and Practical Tools for Teachers and Parents, authors: Stacey Szklut, Carol Stock Kranowitz, Lynn Balzer-Martin
Kevin Trudeau's Mega Memory: How to Release Your Superpower Memory in 30 Minutes Or Less a Day, authors: Kevin Trudeau
Still Here: Embracing Aging  Changing and Dying, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
Paths to God: Living the Bhagavad Gita, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
Here We All Are, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
Be Here Now, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
The Only Dance There Is, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
Journey of Awakening: A Meditator's Guidebook, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
A Spiritual Journey, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
Finding and Exploring Your Spiritual Path: An Exploration of the Pleasures and Perils of Seeking Personal Enlightenment, authors: Ram Dass, Richard Alpert
Make Way for McCloskey, authors: Robert McCloskey, Leonard S. Marcus
Burt Dow  Deep-Water Man, authors: Robert McCloskey
Lentil, authors: Robert McCloskey
Time of Wonder, authors: Robert McCloskey
Riddley Walker, authors: Russell Hoban
Sector 7, authors: David Wiesner
Wind Child, authors: Nancy   Harding
The Catswold Portal, authors: Shirley Rousseau Murphy
Cat Laughing Last (Joe Grey  #7), authors: Shirley Rousseau Murphy
Cat Seeing Double (Joe Grey  #8), authors: Shirley Rousseau Murphy
Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of How the Wildest Man in Congress and a Rogue CIA Agent Changed the History of our Times, authors: George Crile
Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History, authors: George Crile, Christopher Lane
Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Cover Operation in History, authors: George Crile
The Fourth Crusade: And the Sack of Constantinople, authors: Jonathan Phillips
Practical Ethics, authors: Peter Singer
Animal Liberation, authors: Peter Singer
Boudicca: The Warrior Queen, authors: M.J. Trow
Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground  1981-1991, authors: Michael Azerrad
Cursor's Fury (Codex Alera  #3), authors: Jim Butcher
Sharpe's Fury (Sharpe  #11), authors: Bernard Cornwell
Furies of Calderon (Codex Alera  #1), authors: Jim Butcher
Your Child and Jesus: A Family Activity Book, authors: Rick Osborne, Kevin Miller
To the Friend who Didn't Save my Life, authors: Hervé Guibert, Linda Cloverdale
The Mistress's Daughter, authors: A.M. Homes
Layer Cake, authors: J.J. Connolly
Self-Made Man: One Woman's Journey Into Manhood and Back Again, authors: Norah Vincent
Nixon Agonistes: The Crisis of the Self-Made Man, authors: Garry Wills
The Man Who Changed Everything: The Life of James Clerk Maxwell, authors: Basil Mahon
Baghdad Without a Map and Other Misadventures in Arabia, authors: Tony Horwitz
Night Train to Memphis (Vicky Bliss  #5), authors: Elizabeth Peters
Sociology in Our Times, authors: Diana Kendall
Iberia: Spanish Travels and Reflections, authors: James A. Michener, Robert Vavra
Journey, authors: James A. Michener
You Remind Me of You: A Poetry Memoir, authors: Eireann Corrigan
Remind Me Again Why I Need A Man, authors: Claudia Carroll
Strange Candy (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter #0.5), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Candy Girl: A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper, authors: Diablo Cody
Candy Licker, authors: Noire
Candy, authors: Luke Davies
Hard Candy, authors: Angela Knight, Sheri Gilmore, Morgan Hawke
Candy, authors: Mian Mian, Andrea Lingenfelter
Demon Diary  Volume 01, authors: Kara, Lee Chi-Hyong
Demon Diary  Volume 03, authors: Kara, Lee Yun-Hee
Demon Diary  Volume 02, authors: Kara, Jee-Hyung Lee
Demon Diary  Volume 04, authors: Kara, Lee Yun-Hee
The End of Faith: Religion  Terror  and the Future of Reason, authors: Sam Harris
Prisoner's Dilemma: John von Neumann  Game Theory  and the Puzzle of the Bomb, authors: William Poundstone, John von Neumann
Lost Continents, authors: L. Sprague de Camp
The Lost Continent, authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis, authors: Charles John Cutcliffe Wright Hyne, Gary Hoppenstand, Harry Turtledove
Conspiracy of Fools, authors: Kurt Eichenwald
The Death and Rebirth of the Seneca, authors: Anthony F.C. Wallace
Rebirth Volume 5, authors: Kang-Woo Lee, Lauren Na
Satan Burger, authors: Carlton Mellick III
The Strategy of Satan: How to Detect and Defeat Him, authors: Warren W. Wiersbe
The Black Stallion and Satan (The Black Stallion  #5), authors: Walter Farley
Satan: His Psychotherapy and Cure by the Unfortunate Dr. Kassler  J.S.P.S., authors: Jeremy Leven
Everyone Worth Knowing, authors: Lauren Weisberger
The Lost Blogs: From Jesus to Jim Morrison--The Historically Inaccurate and Totally  Fictitious Cyber Diaries of Everyone Worth Knowing, authors: Paul       Davidson
Happy Are the Peace Makers (Blackie Ryan  #5), authors: Andrew M. Greeley
The Truth Will Set You Free: Overcoming Emotional Blindness and Finding Your True Adult Self, authors: Alice   Miller, Andrew Edwin Jenkins
The Stone Raft, authors: José Saramago
Baltasar and Blimunda, authors: José Saramago, Giovanni Pontiero
You: The Owner's Manual: An Insider's Guide to the Body That Will Make You Healthier and Younger, authors: Michael F. Roizen, Mehmet C. Oz
You: On a Diet: The Owner's Manual for Waist Management, authors: Michael F. Roizen, Mehmet C. Oz
Foundation (Foundation  #1), authors: Isaac Asimov
Second Foundation (Foundation #3), authors: Isaac Asimov
Foundation and Empire (Foundation #2), authors: Isaac Asimov
Foundation and Earth (Foundation #5), authors: Isaac Asimov
Foundations of Clinical Research: Applications to Practice, authors: Leslie Gross Portney
Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom, authors: Cory Doctorow
Someone Comes to Town  Someone Leaves Town, authors: Cory Doctorow
Eastern Standard Tribe, authors: Cory Doctorow
A Place So Foreign and Eight More, authors: Cory Doctorow, Bruce Sterling
Through Painted Deserts: Light  God  and Beauty on the Open Road, authors: Donald Miller
20 000 Leagues Under the Sea, authors: Ron     Miller, Jules Verne, Paul   Wright
Codebreakers' Victory: How the Allied Cryptographers Won World War II, authors: Hervie Haufler
All Night Long, authors: Jayne Ann Krentz
White Lies (Arcane Society  #2), authors: Jayne Ann Krentz
Ghost Hunter (Ghost Hunters  #3), authors: Jayne Castle, Jayne Ann Krentz
The Pirate / The Adventurer / The Cowboy, authors: Jayne Ann Krentz
Midnight Jewels, authors: Jayne Ann Krentz
The Wedding Night, authors: Jayne Ann Krentz
After Glow (Ghost Hunters  #2), authors: Jayne Castle, Jayne Ann Krentz
Orchid (St. Helen's  #3), authors: Jayne Castle, Jayne Ann Krentz
The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind, authors: Julian Jaynes
The Future of the Universe, authors: Jack Meadows
Micro Eco-Farming: Prospering from Backyard to Small Acreage in Partnership with the Earth, authors: Barbara Berst Adams
The Quiet American: Text and Criticism, authors: Graham Greene, John Clark Pratt
The Quiet American, authors: Graham Greene, Zadie Smith
The End of the Affair, authors: Graham Greene, Monica Ali
Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945, authors: Tony Judt
The Coen Brothers: Interviews, authors: William Rodney Allen
The Hermeneutical Spiral: A Comprehensive Introduction to Biblical Interpretation, authors: Grant R. Osborne
Raising the Bar: Ministry to Youth in the New Millennium, authors: Alvin L. Reid
The Book of Other People, authors: Zadie Smith, David Mitchell, George Saunders, Colm Tóibín, Aleksandar Hemon, Nick Hornby, Hari Kunzru, Toby Litt, Chris Ware
The Confusions of Young Törless, authors: Robert Musil, Shaun Whiteside, J.M. Coetzee
Robinson Crusoe, authors: Daniel Defoe, J.M. Coetzee
Doubling the Point: Essays and Interviews, authors: J.M. Coetzee, David Attwell
Fantastic! Wow! and Unreal!: A Book About Interjections and Conjunctions, authors: Ruth Heller
Don DeLillo's White Noise: A Reader's Guide, authors: Leonard  Orr
Letting Go, authors: Philip Roth
My Life as a Man, authors: Philip Roth
Patrimony, authors: Philip Roth
The Great American Novel, authors: Philip Roth
The Professor of Desire, authors: Philip Roth, Νίκος Παναγιωτόπουλος
Deception, authors: Philip Roth
When She Was Good, authors: Philip Roth
The Dying Animal, authors: Philip Roth
For the Relief of Unbearable Urges, authors: Nathan Englander
The Ministry of Special Cases, authors: Nathan Englander
The Pilgrim's Progress, authors: John Bunyan
Scott Pilgrim  Volume 1: Scott Pilgrim's Precious Little Life, authors: Bryan Lee O'Malley
The Pilgrim's Regress, authors: C.S. Lewis, Michael Hague
Little Pilgrim's Progress: From John Bunyan's Classic, authors: Helen L. Taylor
The Landing of the Pilgrims, authors: James Daugherty
Little Pilgrim's Progress, authors: Helen L. Taylor, John Bunyan
From Nomads to Pilgrims: Stories from Practicing Congregations, authors: Diana Butler Bass
The New York Times Guide to Essential Knowledge, authors: John D. Leonard, The New York Times
New York 2000: Architecture and Urbanism Between the Bicentennial and the Millennium, authors: Robert A.M. Stern, David Fishman, Jacob Tilove
Forgotten New York: Views of a Lost Metropolis, authors: Kevin   Walsh
The Historical Atlas of New York City: A Visual Celebration of Nearly 400 Years of New York City's History, authors: Eric Homberger, Alice Hudson
La toile de Charlotte, authors: E.B. White, Garth Williams, Catherine Chaine
This Is New York, authors: Miroslav Sasek
They Dare to Speak Out: People and Institutions Confront Israel's Lobby, authors: Paul Findley
Famous Last Words, authors: Timothy Findley
The Wars, authors: Timothy Findley
Into the Void (Spelljammer: The Cloakmaster Cycle  #2), authors: Nigel Findley
Essential Dialogues of Plato, authors: Plato, Benjamin Jowett, Pedro De Blas
The Collected Dialogues, authors: Plato, Edith Hamilton, Huntington Cairns
Republic, authors: Plato, Benjamin Jowett, Elizabeth Watson Scharffenberger
The Republic, authors: Plato, Tom Griffith
Inner Circle (Carol Ashton Mysteries  #8), authors: Claire McNab
The Rising Tide (World War II: 1939-1945  #1), authors: Jeff Shaara
Jeff Shaara's Civil War Battlefields: Discovering America's Hallowed Ground, authors: Jeff Shaara
Rise to Rebellion, authors: Jeff Shaara
Gone for Soldiers: A Novel of the Mexican War, authors: Jeff Shaara
The Last Full Measure (The Civil War Trilogy  #3), authors: Jeff Shaara
A Farewell to Arms?: Beyond the Good Friday Agreement, authors: Adrian Guelke, Michael Cox, Fiona Stephen
When Smoke Ran Like Water: Tales Of Environmental Deception And The Battle Against Pollution, authors: Devra Davis, Mitchell Gaynor
What Work Is, authors: Philip Levine
The Simple Truth, authors: Philip Levine, Harry Ford
Fiskadoro, authors: Denis Johnson
Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah, authors: Richard Bach
There's No Such Place As Far Away, authors: Richard Bach, H. Lee Shapiro, دل آرا قهرمان
Running from Safety: An Adventure of the Spirit, authors: Richard Bach
A Gift Of Wings, authors: Richard Bach
Winter of Magic's Return, authors: Pamela F. Service
A Modern Utopia, authors: H.G. Wells, Gregory Claeys, Francis Wheen
The War of the Worlds, authors: H.G. Wells, Leon Stover
The Shape of Things to Come, authors: H.G. Wells, John Clute
Floor Games (Sandplay Classics), authors: H.G. Wells, Barbara A. Turner
Seven Novels, authors: H.G. Wells
Three Prophetic Science Fiction Novels, authors: H.G. Wells, E.F. Bleiler
Science Fiction Treasury: Six Complete Novels (complete & unabridged), authors: H.G. Wells, George Gesner
The Island of Doctor Moreau, authors: H.G. Wells
Notebooks of the Mind: Explorations of Thinking  Revised Edition, authors: Vera John-Steiner
The Visible Hand: The Managerial Revolution in American Business, authors: Alfred D. Chandler Jr.
Crime Stories and Other Writings, authors: Dashiell Hammett, Steven Marcus
The Maltese Falcon, authors: Dashiell Hammett
Lost Stories, authors: Dashiell Hammett, Vince Emery, Joe Gores
The Dain Curse, authors: Dashiell Hammett
The Big Knockover: Selected Stories and Short Novels, authors: Dashiell Hammett, Lillian Hellman, Jeff Stone
Red Harvest, authors: Dashiell Hammett
The Complete Stories  Vol 1, authors: Isaac Asimov
Xénocide (Ender's Saga  #3), authors: Orson Scott Card
Edgar A. Poe: Mournful and Never-ending Remembrance, authors: Kenneth Silverman
Tales of Mystery and Madness, authors: Edgar Allan Poe, Gris Grimly
Elric of Melniboné (The Elric Saga  #1), authors: Michael Moorcock
The Prize (deWarenne Dynasty  #4), authors: Brenda Joyce
Elric of Melnibone: Bright Shadows, authors: Charles  Green, Richard Ford, Pascal Quidault
A River Runs Through it and Other Stories, authors: Norman Maclean, Annie Proulx
Young Men and Fire, authors: Norman Maclean
When the Rivers Run Dry: Water - The Defining Crisis of the Twenty-first Century, authors: Fred Pearce
The River Runs Black: The Environmental Challenge to China's Future, authors: Elizabeth C. Economy
Only the River Runs Free (The Galway Chronicles  #1), authors: Bodie Thoene, Brock Thoene
It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life, authors: Lance Armstrong, Sally Jenkins
The Walking Dead  Vol. 5: The Best Defense, authors: Robert Kirkman, Charlie Adlard, Cliff Rathburn
Being Dead Is No Excuse: The Official Southern Ladies Guide to Hosting the Perfect Funeral, authors: Gayden Metcalfe
Drop Dead Gorgeous (Blair Mallory  #2), authors: Linda Howard
The Book of the Dead (Pendergast  #7; Diogenes  #3), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child
The Walking Dead  Vol. 3: Safety Behind Bars, authors: Robert Kirkman, Charlie Adlard, Cliff Rathburn
The Walking Dead  Book One (The Walking Dead #1-12), authors: Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, Charlie Adlard, Cliff Rathburn
The Brief History of the Dead, authors: Kevin Brockmeier
Beckett Football Card Price Guide, authors: Dan Hitt, James Beckett III
The Power of Infinite Love & Gratitude: An Evolutionary Journey to Awakening Your Spirit, authors: Darren R. Weissman
Masculinity and Male Codes of Honor in Modern France, authors: Robert A. Nye
The Life and Death of My Lord Gilles de Rais, authors: Robert Nye
The White Wolf's Son: The Albino Underground (Elric & Oona Von Bek  #3), authors: Michael Moorcock
Michael Moorcock's Multiverse, authors: Michael Moorcock, Walter Simonson, Mark Reeve, John Ridgway
Gloriana, authors: Michael Moorcock
The Eternal Champion (Eternal Champion  #1), authors: Michael Moorcock
The Spell, authors: Alan Hollinghurst
The Swimming-Pool Library, authors: Alan Hollinghurst
The Ivory Tower, authors: Henry James, Alan Hollinghurst, Ezra Pound
America Alone: The End of the World As We Know It, authors: Mark Steyn
Where the Sidewalk Ends: Poems and Drawings, authors: Shel Silverstein
A Light in the Attic, authors: Shel Silverstein
The Missing Piece (The Missing Piece  #1), authors: Shel Silverstein
The Missing Piece Meets the Big O, authors: Shel Silverstein
Lafcadio  the Lion Who Shot Back, authors: Shel Silverstein
A Light in the Attic (Book & CD), authors: Shel Silverstein
Runny Babbit Book and Abridged CD, authors: Shel Silverstein, Dennis Locorriere
L'albero, authors: Shel Silverstein, Daniela Gamba
The Beginning: The Cove / The Maze (FBI Thriller #1-2), authors: Catherine Coulter
Jade Star (Star  #4), authors: Catherine Coulter
Double Take (FBI Thriller  #11), authors: Catherine Coulter
The Valentine Legacy (Legacy #3), authors: Catherine Coulter
Undead and Unwed (Undead  #1), authors: MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Unappreciated (Undead  #3), authors: MaryJanice Davidson
Marked (House of Night  #1), authors: P.C. Cast, Kristin Cast
Divine By Choice (Partholon  #2), authors: P.C. Cast
Divine By Mistake (Partholon  #1), authors: P.C. Cast
Cast in Courtlight (Chronicles of Elantra  #2), authors: Michelle Sagara
Goddess of Light (Goddess Summoning  #3), authors: P.C. Cast
Brighid's Quest (Partholon  #5), authors: P.C. Cast
Goddess of the Rose (Goddess Summoning  #4), authors: P.C. Cast
Goddess of Spring (Goddess Summoning  #2), authors: P.C. Cast
Goddess of the Sea (Goddess Summoning  #1), authors: P.C. Cast
Mysteria (Mysteria  #1), authors: MaryJanice Davidson, Susan Grant, P.C. Cast, Gena Showalter
Elphame's Choice (Partholon  #4), authors: P.C. Cast
Loveless  Vol. 1: A Kin of Homecoming, authors: Brian Azzarello, Marcelo Frusín
Where the Mountain Casts Its Shadow: The Dark Side of Extreme Adventure, authors: Maria Coffey, Thomas Hornbein
Cast a Yellow Shadow (Mac McCorkle  #2), authors: Ross Thomas
Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron, authors: Daniel Clowes
Goddess of Love (Goddess Summoning  #5), authors: P.C. Cast
Mistral's Kiss (Merry Gentry  #5), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
The Harlequin (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter #15), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
A Stroke of Midnight (Merry Gentry  #4), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Danse Macabre (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #14), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Micah (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #13), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Death of a Darklord (Ravenloft #13), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter Collection 1-4 (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #1-4), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Little Butterfly  Volume 02, authors: Hinako Takanaga
Little Butterfly  Volume 03, authors: Hinako Takanaga
Little Butterfly  Volume 01, authors: Hinako Takanaga
The Little Butterfly, authors: Sherry Shahan
A Caress of Twilight (Merry Gentry  #2), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Bloody Bones (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter #5), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Burnt Offerings (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #7), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Seduced by Moonlight (Merry Gentry  #3), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
The Killing Dance (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #6), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #11), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Blue Moon (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #8), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
A Stolen Season (Alex McKnight  #7), authors: Steve Hamilton
Narcissus in Chains (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #10), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Sensual Phrase  Vol. 15, authors: Mayu Shinjō
Sensual Phrase  Vol. 17, authors: Mayu Shinjō
Sensual Phrase  Vol. 3, authors: Mayu Shinjō
Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine, authors: Dennis L. Kasper, Dan L. Longo, Stephen L. Hauser, Anthony S. Fauci, Eugene Braunwald
For a Few Demons More (The Hollows  #5), authors: Kim Harrison
A Fistful of Charms (The Hollows  #4), authors: Kim Harrison
The Good  the Bad  and the Undead (The Hollows  #2), authors: Kim Harrison
Every Which Way But Dead (The Hollows  #3), authors: Kim Harrison
Dead Witch Walking (The Hollows  #1), authors: Kim Harrison
Dates from Hell, authors: Kim Harrison, Lynsay Sands, Kelley Armstrong, Lori Handeland
Pacto Con un Demonio, authors: Kim Harrison
Incubus Dreams (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #12), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Schattenkuss (Meredith Gentry  #1), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
The Lunatic Cafe (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter #4), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Circus of the Damned (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #3), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Bite (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #8.5; Sookie Stackhouse  #5.1; Undead  #2.5; Mageverse  #1.5), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton, Charlaine Harris, MaryJanice Davidson, Angela Knight, Vickie Taylor
Out of this World, authors: J.D. Robb, Laurell K. Hamilton, Susan Krinard, Maggie Shayne
Guilty Pleasures (Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter  #1), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Cravings (Undead #1.5; Moon #3.5), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton, MaryJanice Davidson, Eileen Wilks, Rebecca York
Nachtschwärmer (Meredith Gentry  #2), authors: Laurell K. Hamilton
Laurell K. Hamilton's Anita Blake  Vampire Hunter: Guilty Pleasures vol 1, authors: Laurell K. Hamilton, Stacie Ritchie, Jessica Ruffner, Brett Booth
The Republic, authors: Plato, Desmond Lee, Maria Helena da Rocha Pereira, Benjamin Jowett
The Republic of Plato, authors: Plato, Allan Bloom
Five Dialogues: Euthyphro  Apology  Crito  Meno  Phaedo, authors: Plato, G.M.A. Grube, John M. Cooper
Plato  Not Prozac!: Applying Eternal Wisdom to Everyday Problems, authors: Lou Marinoff
Republic, authors: Plato, C.D.C. Reeve
Plato's Symposium, authors: Plato, Seth Benardete, Allan Bloom
The Symposium, authors: Plato, Christopher Gill
The Last Days of Socrates, authors: Plato, Hugh Tredennick, Harold Tarrant
Embracing Love  Vol. 4, authors: Youka Nitta
Embracing Love  Vol. 5, authors: Youka Nitta
Embracing the Love of God: The Path and Promise of Christian Life, authors: James Brian Smith, Richard J. Foster
Embracing Love  Vol. 6, authors: Youka Nitta
Jane Eyre, authors: Charlotte Brontë, Margaret Smith, Sally Shuttleworth
In the Forests of the Night, authors: Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Hawksong (The Kiesha'ra  #1), authors: Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Demon in My View, authors: Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Shattered Mirror, authors: Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Midnight Predator, authors: Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
The Pound Era, authors: Hugh Kenner
Ricochet, authors: Sandra Brown
The Alibi, authors: Sandra Brown
A Whole New Light, authors: Sandra Brown
Where There's Smoke, authors: Sandra Brown
22 Indigo Place, authors: Sandra Brown
Led Astray (Hellraisers  #1), authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Tidings of Great Joy, authors: Sandra Brown
A Secret Splendor, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Love Beyond Reason, authors: Rachel Ryan, Sandra Brown
Words of Silk, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Two Alone, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Not Even for Love, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Charade, authors: Sandra Brown
Exclusive, authors: Sandra Brown
Send No Flowers (Bed & Breakfast #2), authors: Sandra Brown
The Thrill of Victory, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Heaven's Price, authors: Sandra Brown
Riley in the Morning, authors: Sandra Brown
The Rana Look, authors: Sandra Brown
Texas! Sage (Texas! Tyler Family Saga  #3), authors: Sandra Brown
Temperatures Rising, authors: Sandra Brown
A Kiss Remembered, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Adam's Fall (Mason Sisters  #2), authors: Sandra Brown
Seduction by Design, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Prime Time, authors: Rachel Ryan, Sandra Brown
Tiger Prince, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Best Kept Secrets, authors: Sandra Brown
Tomorrow's Promise, authors: Sandra Brown
Sweet Anger, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Demon Rumm, authors: Sandra Brown
Breakfast in Bed (Bed & Breakfast #1), authors: Sandra Brown
Above and Beyond, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Fanta C (Mason Sisters  #1), authors: Sandra Brown
Relentless Desire, authors: Sandra Brown
Sunny Chandler's Return, authors: Sandra Brown
Sandra Brown: Three Complete Novels (Best Kept Secrets  Mirror Image  and Slow Heat in Heaven), authors: Sandra Brown
The Devil's Own (Hellraiser #2), authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
The Switch, authors: Sandra Brown
Play Dirty, authors: Sandra Brown
A Secret Splendor, authors: Erin St. Claire, Sandra Brown
Texas! Trilogy, authors: Sandra Brown
Betrogen, authors: Sandra Brown
Tempest in Eden, authors: Sandra Brown
The Killing of Monday Brown, authors: Sandra West Prowell
Un nuevo amanecer, authors: Sandra Brown, Delia Mateovich
Fanta C (Loveswept   #217), authors: Sandra Brown
Anhelos ocultos, authors: Laura  Jordan, Sandra Brown, Camino Estañ Requeni
Schöne Lügen, authors: Rachel Ryan, Sandra Brown
Yesterday  I Cried, authors: Iyanla Vanzant
The Communist Manifesto, authors: Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Gareth Stedman Jones
The Communist Manifesto and Other Revolutionary Writings: Marx  Marat  Paine  Mao  Gandhi  and Others, authors: Bob Blaisdell, Karl Marx, Jean-Paul Marat, Tom Paine, Mao Zedong, Mahatma Gandhi
The Communist Manifesto with Related Documents, authors: Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, John E. Toews
The Communist Manifesto, authors: Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Phil Gasper
The Communist Manifesto, authors: Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels
The Communist Manifesto and Other Writings, authors: Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Martin Puchner
The Communist Manifesto, authors: Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Samuel Moore
The Communist Manifesto (Great Ideas), authors: Karl Marx, Gareth Stedman Jones, Friedrich Engels
Paula Spencer, authors: Roddy Doyle
Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha, authors: Roddy Doyle
Introducing Sartre (Introducing... S.), authors: Philip Thody, Howard Read
Colonialism and Neocolonialism, authors: Jean-Paul Sartre, Azzedine Haddour
Tête-à-Tête: Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre, authors: Hazel Rowley
Jean-Paul Sartre: (The Giants of Philosophy), authors: John  Compton, Charlton Heston
Observations on the Feeling of the Beautiful and Sublime, authors: Immanuel Kant, John T. Goldthwait
A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful, authors: Edmund Burke, Adam Phillips
American Sublime: Poems, authors: Elizabeth Alexander
Beauty and the Contemporary Sublime, authors: Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe
Cigarettes Are Sublime, authors: Richard Klein
The Art of the Ridiculous Sublime: On David Lynch's Lost Highway, authors: Slavoj Žižek, Marek Wieczorek
Why Orwell Matters, authors: Christopher Hitchens
Shooting an Elephant, authors: George Orwell
Ape and Essence, authors: Aldous Huxley
Complete Essays 1  1920-25, authors: Aldous Huxley, Robert S. Baker, James Sexton
The Mottled Lizard, authors: Elspeth Huxley
Complete Essays 4  1936-38, authors: Aldous Huxley, Robert S. Baker, James Sexton
Plato in 90 Minutes, authors: Paul Strathern
The Atlantis Dialogue, authors: Plato, Aaron Shepard, Benjamin Jowett
Cancer Ward, authors: Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Nicholas Bethell, David Burg
Despair, authors: Vladimir Nabokov
Cliffs of Despair: A Journey to Suicide's Edge, authors: Tom Hunt
Inconceivable: A Woman's Triumph Over Despair and Statistics, authors: Julia Indichova, Christiane Northrup
Diary of a Man in Despair, authors: Friedrich Reck-Malleczewen, Paul Rubens, Richard J. Evans
Winston S. Churchill  Volume VIII: 'Never Despair ' 1945-1965, authors: Martin  Gilbert
Pnin, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, David Lodge
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, authors: Victor Hugo, Walter J. Cobb
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, authors: Victor Hugo, Catherine Liu, Elizabeth McCracken
The Art of the Hunchback of Notre Dame, authors: Stephen Rebello, Walt Disney Company
Art and Culture: Critical Essays, authors: Clement Greenberg, Janice Horne
Readings for Meditation and Reflection, authors: C.S. Lewis, Walter Hooper
C.S. Lewis and the Catholic Church, authors: Joseph Pearce
The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis  Volume 1: Family Letters  1905-1931, authors: C.S. Lewis, Walter Hooper
Letters to Children, authors: C.S. Lewis, Lyle Wesley Dorsett, Marjorie Lamp Mead, Douglas Gresham
Cartas del diablo a su sobrino, authors: C.S. Lewis, Miguel Marias
The Four Loves, authors: C.S. Lewis
What Christians Believe, authors: C.S. Lewis
C. S. Lewis: Life  Works  and Legacy, authors: Bruce L. Edwards, Diana Pavlac Glyer
Mere Christianity: Abolition of Man (Bonus Feature), authors: C.S. Lewis, Geoffrey Howard, Robert Whitefield, Robert Whitfield
The Art of Listening, authors: Erich Fromm, Rainer Funk
Beyond the Chains of Illusion: My Encounter with Marx and Freud, authors: Erich Fromm, Rainer Funk
The Art of Loving by Erich Fromm: A True Story of a Japanese Woman, authors: Lala Okamoto
Marx's Concept of Man, authors: Erich Fromm, T.B. Bottomore
Meditations on First Philosophy, authors: René Descartes, Donald A. Cress
Meditations, authors: Marcus Aurelius, Martin Hammond, Albert Wittstock, Diskin Clay
Gulliver's Travels, authors: Jonathan Swift, YKids
The Sleepwalkers: A History of Man's Changing Vision of the Universe, authors: Arthur Koestler, Herbert Butterfield
Darkness at Noon, authors: Arthur Koestler, Daphne Hardy
The Thirteenth Tribe, authors: Arthur Koestler
The Act of Creation, authors: Arthur Koestler
The Ghost in the Machine, authors: Arthur Koestler
The Case of the Midwife Toad, authors: Arthur Koestler
The Invisible Writing, authors: Arthur Koestler
Up in the Air, authors: Walter Kirn
Thumbsucker, authors: Walter Kirn
Crazy Lady!, authors: Jane Leslie Conly
Be the Person You Want to Find: Relationship and Self-Discovery, authors: Cheri Huber, June Shiver
Making a Change for Good: A Guide to Compassionate Self-Discipline, authors: Cheri Huber
The Total Library: Non-Fiction 1922-1986, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Suzanne Jill Levine, Esther Allen
Ficciones, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, John Sturrock, Anthony Kerringan
Montaigne: Essays, authors: Michel de Montaigne, J.M. Cohen
The Complete Works, authors: Michel de Montaigne, Donald M. Frame
The Complete Essays, authors: Michel de Montaigne, M.A. Screech
On Friendship, authors: Michel de Montaigne, M.A. Screech
To America with Love: Letters from the Underground, authors: Abbie Hoffman, Anita Hoffman
The Stories (So Far), authors: Deborah Eisenberg
Hellsing  Vol. 03 (Hellsing  #3), authors: Kohta Hirano
Hellsing  Vol. 04 (Hellsing  #4), authors: Kohta Hirano
Verserade tankar, authors: Lennart Hellsing, Fibben Hald
Reefer Madness: Sex  Drugs  and Cheap Labor in the American Black Market, authors: Eric Schlosser
Feeding the Future: From Fat to Famine  How to Solve the World's Food Crises, authors: Andrew Heintzman, Evan Solomon, Eric Schlosser
Chew on This: Everything You Don't Want to Know About Fast Food, authors: Eric Schlosser, Charles   Wilson
Shaken (Left Behind: The Kids  #23-25), authors: Jerry B. Jenkins, Tim LaHaye, Chris Fabry
The Rapture: In the Twinkling of an Eye   (Before They Were Left Behind  #3), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
Kingdom Come: The Final Victory (Left Behind  #13), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
John's Story: The Last Eyewitness (The Jesus Chronicles  #1), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
Silenced: The Wrath of God Descends (Underground Zealot  #2), authors: Jerry B. Jenkins
Restless Till We Rest in You: 60 Reflections from the Writings of St. Augustine (Saints Speak Today), authors: Augustine of Hippo
A Woman in Berlin: Eight Weeks in the Conquered City: A Diary, authors: Anonymous, Philip Boehm, Hans Magnus Enzensberger
The Woman Warrior, authors: Maxine Hong Kingston
A Woman in Jerusalem, authors: A.B. Yehoshua, Hillel Halkin
The Kept Woman, authors: Susan Donovan
My Woman His Wife, authors: Anna J.
Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories, authors: Sandra Cisneros
The Bean Trees (Greer Family  #1), authors: Barbara Kingsolver
The Crazyladies of Pearl Street, authors: Trevanian
The Summer of Katya, authors: Trevanian
The Main, authors: Trevanian
The Eiger Sanction (Jonathan Hemlock  #1), authors: Trevanian
Time to Learn: How to Create High Schools That Serve All Students, authors: George H. Wood, Theodore R. Sizer
Scoop (Occupational Hazards  #1), authors: Rene Gutteridge
Brideshead Revisited, authors: Evelyn Waugh
Black Mischief, authors: Evelyn Waugh
The Complete Stories of Evelyn Waugh, authors: Evelyn Waugh
Helena, authors: Evelyn Waugh, George Weigel, Amy Welborn
Choo Choo (Carry Along Book & Cassette Favorites), authors: Virginia Lee Burton
The Rise of Christianity, authors: Rodney Stark
The Rise of Christianity : A Sociologist Reconsiders History, authors: Rodney Stark
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Official Strategy Guide, authors: Rick Barba
Rounding the Mark (Inspector Montalbano  #7), authors: Andrea Camilleri, Stephen Sartarelli
Excursion to Tindari (Inspector Montalbano #5), authors: Andrea Camilleri, Stephen Sartarelli
Voice of the Violin (Inspector Montalbano  #4), authors: Andrea Camilleri, Stephen Sartarelli
Andreas Gursky, authors: Andreas Gursky, Peter Galassi
Moon of the Spider (Diablo  #4), authors: Richard A. Knaak
The Black Road (Diablo #2), authors: Mel Odom
Legacy of Blood (Diablo  #1), authors: Richard A. Knaak
The Kingdom of Shadow (Diablo  #3), authors: Richard A. Knaak
Scales of the Serpent (Diablo: The Sin War  #2), authors: Richard A. Knaak
El Escorpion: La Marca del Diablo: El Escorpion: The Mark of the Devil, authors: Stephen Desberg, Enrico Marini
Diablo II Ultimate Strategy Guide, authors: Bart G. Farkas
El Diablo Cojuelo, authors: Luis Vélez de Guevara
El diablo de la botella, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, Diana Castellanos, Eleonora Garcia Larralde
Diabolo: Volume 1, authors: Kei Kusunoki, Kaoru Ohashi
Japan (Lonely Planet Guide), authors: Chris Rowthorn, Ray Bartlett, Justin Ellis
Pink Box: Inside Japan's Sex Clubs, authors: Joan Sinclair, James Farrer
Japan at War:  An Oral History, authors: Haruko Taya Cook, Theodore F. Cook
Sister Bernadette's Barking Dog: The Quirky History and Lost Art of Diagramming Sentences, authors: Kitty Burns Florey
A Three Dog Life, authors: Abigail Thomas
For the Love of a Dog: Understanding Emotion in You and Your Best Friend, authors: Patricia B. McConnell
Malcolm X Speaks: Selected Speeches and Statements, authors: Malcolm X, George Breitman
Martin and Malcolm and America: A Dream or a Nightmare?, authors: James H. Cone
Under the Volcano, authors: Malcolm Lowry
The New Knighthood: A History of the Order of the Temple, authors: Malcolm Barber
Malcolm X: A Graphic Biography, authors: Andrew Helfer, Randy DuBurke
Who Are You?: 101 Ways of Seeing Yourself, authors: Malcolm Godwin
Bosnia: A Short History, authors: Noel Malcolm
The Other Boleyn Girl, authors: Philippa Gregory
The Last Boleyn, authors: Karen Harper
The Rise and Fall of Anne Boleyn, authors: Retha M. Warnicke
The Secret Diary of Anne Boleyn, authors: Robin Maxwell
The Other Boleyn Girl, authors: Philippa Gregory
Lila: An Inquiry Into Morals (Phaedrus  #2), authors: Robert M. Pirsig
Lila's Child: An Inquiry into Quality, authors: Robert M. Pirsig, Dan Glover
Swapping Lives, authors: Jane Green
Babyville, authors: Jane Green
To Have and to Hold, authors: Jane Green
Mr. Maybe, authors: Jane Green
Straight Talking, authors: Jane Green
Spellbound, authors: Jane Green
Babyville, authors: Jane Green
This Christmas, authors: Jane Green, Jennifer Coburn, Liz Ireland
Bookends, authors: Jane Green
Krik? Krak!: Récits, authors: Edwidge Danticat, Nicole Tisserand
Homelands: Women’s Journeys Across Race  Place  and Time, authors: Patricia Justine Tumang, Edwidge Danticat, Jenesha de Rivera
The Farming of Bones, authors: Edwidge Danticat
The Dew Breaker, authors: Edwidge Danticat
I Capture the Castle, authors: Dodie Smith
Conversations with Ernest Hemingway (Literary Conversations), authors: Ernest Hemingway, Matthew J. Bruccoli
The Rapture: Who Will Face the Tribulation, authors: Tim LaHaye
The Regime: Evil Advances  (Before They Were Left Behind  #2), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
The Rising: Antichrist is Born  (Before They Were Left Behind  #1), authors: Tim LaHaye, Jerry B. Jenkins
The Earth and Its Peoples: Volume II, authors: Richard W. Bulliet, Daniel R. Headrick, David Northrup, Lyman L. Johnson, Pamela Kyle Crossley, Steven W. Hirsch, Steven Hirsch
The Earth and Its Peoples: A Global History  Volume C: Since 1750, authors: Richard W. Bulliet, Pamela Kyle Crossley, Steven Hirsch
The Life of Charlotte Brontë, authors: Elizabeth Gaskell, Angus Easson
The Juvenilia of Jane Austen and Charlotte Brontë, authors: Jane Austen, Charlotte Brontë, Frances Beer
Selected Works of the Brontë Sisters: Jane Eyre / Villette / Wuthering Heights / Agnes Grey / The Tenant of Wildfell Hall, authors: Charlotte Brontë, Emily Brontë, Anne Brontë
Morgan's Passing, authors: Anne Tyler
Back When We Were Grownups, authors: Anne Tyler
Celestial Navigation, authors: Anne Tyler
Breathing Lessons, authors: Anne Tyler
The Tin Can Tree, authors: Anne Tyler
Inside the Mind of Gideon Rayburn (Midvale Academy  #1), authors: Sarah Miller
Patience & Sarah, authors: Isabel Miller, Emma Donoghue
The Razor's Edge, authors: W. Somerset Maugham
Razor's Edge: The Unofficial History of the Falklands War, authors: Hugh Bicheno, Richard   Holmes
Tom Jones, authors: Henry Fielding, Doreen Roberts
Clarissa  Or The History of a Young Lady, authors: Samuel Richardson, Sheila Ortiz Taylor
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Quintessential Phase (Hitchhiker's Guide: Radio Play  #5), authors: Douglas Adams, Dirk Maggs, Simon  Jones, Geoffrey McGivern, Mark Wing-Davey, Susan  Sheridan, Sandra Dickinson, Stephen  Moore, William Franklyn, Rula Lenska, Sam  Burke
The Secret of Shambhala: In Search of the Eleventh Insight (Celestine Prophecy  #3), authors: James Redfield
The Celestine Vision: Living the New Spiritual Awareness, authors: James Redfield
The Purpose of Your Life: Finding Your Place In The World Using Synchronicity  Intuition  And Uncommon Sense, authors: Carol Adrienne, James Redfield
The Janson Directive (Paul Janson  #1), authors: Robert Ludlum
The Moscow Vector (Covert-One  #6), authors: Patrick Larkin, Robert Ludlum
The Ambler Warning, authors: Robert Ludlum
Historical Romances: The Prince and the Pauper / A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur’s Court / Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc, authors: Mark Twain, Susan K. Harris
Bleak House, authors: Charles Dickens, Nicola Bradbury, Hablot Knight Browne
Our Mutual Friend, authors: Charles Dickens
A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Books, authors: Charles Dickens, Robert Douglas-Fairhurst
Little Dorrit, authors: Charles Dickens, Stephen J. Wall, Helen Small
Baseball: a Literary Anthology, authors: Nicholas Dawidoff, Ernest Lawrence Thayer, Jacques Barzun, Robert Frost, John Updike, Leroy Satchel Paige, Bill Veeck, Murray Kempton, Jimmy Breslin, Marianne Moore, Gay Talese, Tallulah Bankhead, Albert G. Spalding, Nelson Algren, William Carlos Williams, James Weldon Johnson, Thomas Wolfe, James Thurber, Philip Roth, Jim Bouton, Dave Frishberg, Roger Kahn, Roger Angell, Damon Runyon, George Plimpton, A. Bartlett Giamatti, Amiri Baraka, Annie Dillard, Stephen Jay Gould, Stephen King, Richard Ford, Don DeLillo, Lawrence S. Ritter, Ring Lardner, Carl Sandburg, Heywood Broun, Bernard Malamud, Red  Smith
The Bourne Ultimatum (Jason Bourne  #3), authors: Robert Ludlum
The Sigma Protocol, authors: Robert Ludlum
The Road to Gandolfo, authors: Robert Ludlum, Michael  Shepherd
The Arctic Event (Covert-One  #7), authors: James H. Cobb, Robert Ludlum
The Altman Code (Covert-One  #4), authors: Gayle Lynds, Robert Ludlum, Don Leslie
The Matlock Paper, authors: Robert Ludlum
Fat Pig, authors: Neil LaBute
Hickory Dickory Dock (Hercule Poirot  #32), authors: Agatha Christie, Hugh Fraser
A Caribbean Mystery (Miss Marple  #10), authors: Agatha Christie
Five Complete Miss Marple Novels: The Mirror Crack'd / A Caribbean Mystery / Nemesis / What Mrs. McGillicuddy Saw! / The Body in the Library, authors: Agatha Christie
At Bertram's Hotel, authors: Agatha Christie
Nemesis (Miss Marple  #12), authors: Agatha Christie
A Pocket Full of Rye: A BBC Radio 4 Full-Cast Dramatisation, authors: Agatha Christie, Michael Bakewell, June Whitfield, Nicky Henson, Derek Waring, Natasha Pyne
Murder at the Vicarage (Miss Marple  #1), authors: Agatha Christie
Miss Marple Omnibus Vol. 3 (Murder at the Vicarage / Nemesis / Sleeping Murder / At Bertram's Hotel), authors: Agatha Christie
The Dance of Anger, authors: Harriet Lerner
Dance of the Gods (Circle Trilogy  #2), authors: Nora Roberts
Barnyard Dance, authors: Sandra Boynton
The Dance of Intimacy: A Woman's Guide to Courageous Acts of Change in Key Relationships, authors: Harriet Lerner
4:50 from Paddington / A Pocket Full of Rye (BBC Presents: Two Miss Marple Dramas), authors: Agatha Christie
Blood Canticle (The Vampire Chronicles #10), authors: Anne Rice
The Vampire Armand (The Vampire Chronicles  #6), authors: Anne Rice
Violin, authors: Anne Rice
Cry to Heaven, authors: Anne Rice
Lasher (Lives of the Mayfair Witches  #2), authors: Anne Rice
Blood And Gold (The Vampire Chronicles  #8), authors: Anne Rice
Hot Stuff (Cate Madigan #1), authors: Janet Evanovich, Leanne Banks
Lovelock (Mayflower Trilogy  #1), authors: Orson Scott Card, Kathryn H. Kidd
Treasure Box, authors: Orson Scott Card
Songmaster, authors: Orson Scott Card
Stone Tables, authors: Orson Scott Card
William Faulkner: The Sound and the Fury and as I Lay Dying: Essays  Articles  Reviews, authors: Nicolas Tredell
Hart's Hope, authors: Orson Scott Card
Children of the Mind (Ender's Saga  #4), authors: Orson Scott Card
Maps in a Mirror: The Short Fiction of Orson Scott Card, authors: Orson Scott Card
How to Write Science Fiction & Fantasy, authors: Orson Scott Card
What Came Before He Shot Her (Inspector Lynley  #14), authors: Elizabeth  George
With No One as Witness (Inspector Lynley  #13), authors: Elizabeth  George
Deception on His Mind (Inspector Lynley  #9), authors: Elizabeth  George
Becoming a Woman of Beauty and Strength: Esther, authors: Elizabeth George
In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner (Inspector Lynley  #10), authors: Elizabeth  George
A Woman's High Calling Growth and Study Guide, authors: Elizabeth George
Living with Passion and Purpose: Luke (Woman After God's Own Heart), authors: Elizabeth George
Loving God with All Your Mind, authors: Elizabeth George
Ariel Sharon: A Life, authors: Nir Hefez, Gadi Bloom, Mitch Ginsburg
Life Management for Busy Woman: Growth and Study Guide, authors: Elizabeth George
A Wife After God's Own Heart Growth and Study Guide, authors: Elizabeth George
Lover of Unreason: Assia Wevill  Sylvia Plath's Rival and Ted Hughes' Doomed Love, authors: Yehuda Koren, Eilat Negev
The Journals of Sylvia Plath, authors: Sylvia Plath, Karen V. Kukil
Letters Home, authors: Sylvia Plath
The Poetry of Sylvia Plath, authors: Claire Brennan
Black Boy, authors: Richard Wright, Edward P. Jones
Angry Black White Boy, authors: Adam Mansbach
Bad Boys In Black Tie (Watson Brothers  #3), authors: Lori Foster, Erin McCarthy, Morgan Leigh
The Twits, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Far from the Madding Crowd, authors: Thomas Hardy, Suzanne Keen
Far From the Madding Crowd, authors: Thomas Hardy, Rosemarie Morgan, Shannon Russell
Far From the Madding Crowd, authors: Thomas Hardy, Suzanne B. Falck-Yi, Linda M. Shires
Far from the Madding Crowd, authors: Thomas Hardy
Middlemarch: An Authoritative Text  Backgrounds  Reviews and Criticism, authors: George Eliot, Bert G. Hornback
Slaughterhouse: The Shocking Story of Greed  Neglect  And Inhumane Treatment Inside the U.S. Meat Industry, authors: Gail A. Eisnitz
A Dance At The Slaughterhouse (Matthew Scudder  #9), authors: Lawrence Block
Slaughterhouse Blues: The Meat and Poultry Industry in North America, authors: Donald D. Stull, Michael J. Broadway, Eric Schlosser
Inky The Indigo Fairy (Rainbow Magic  #6), authors: Daisy Meadows, Georgie Ripper
Sunny The Yellow Fairy (Rainbow Magic  #3), authors: Daisy Meadows, Georgie Ripper
Sky The Blue Fairy (Rainbow Magic  #5), authors: Daisy Meadows, Georgie Ripper
Heather The Violet Fairy (Rainbow Magic  #7), authors: Daisy Meadows, Georgie Ripper
Ruby the Red Fairy (Rainbow Magic  #1), authors: Daisy Meadows, Georgie Ripper
Unweaving the Rainbow: Science  Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder, authors: Richard Dawkins
The Rainbow Goblins, authors: Ul De Rico
The Serpent and the Rainbow, authors: Wade Davis
The Rainbow, authors: D.H. Lawrence, Daphne Merkin
Standing in the Rainbow (Elmwood Springs  #2), authors: Fannie Flagg
The Scarlet Pimpernel, authors: Emmuska Orczy, Margaret Brantley
Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel, authors: Emmuska Orczy
Love's Enduring Promise (Love Comes Softly  #2), authors: Janette Oke
Of Human Bondage, authors: W. Somerset Maugham, Benjamin DeMott, Maeve Binchy
Phantoms in the Brain: Probing the Mysteries of the Human Mind, authors: V.S. Ramachandran, Sandra Blakeslee, Oliver Sacks
Mangoes & Curry Leaves: Culinary Travels Through the Great Subcontinent, authors: Jeffrey Alford, Naomi Duguid
Curry: A Tale of Cooks and Conquerors, authors: Lizzie Collingham
50 Great Curries of India, authors: Camellia Panjabi
Curries Without Worries, authors: Sudha Koul, Warner Books
In Search of Duende, authors: Federico García Lorca, Norman Thomas di Giovanni
The Selected Poems of Federico García Lorca, authors: Federico García Lorca
Lorca & Jimenez: Selected Poems, authors: Federico García Lorca, Juan Ramón Jiménez, Robert Bly
Also sprach Zarathustra: Ein Buch für Alle und Keinen., authors: Friedrich Nietzsche
Seminar on Nietzsche's Zarathustra, authors: C.G. Jung, James L. Jarrett
The Polar Express, authors: Chris Van Allsburg
Trip To The North Pole (The Polar Express: The Movie), authors: Ellen Weiss, Doyle Partners, Robert Zemeckis
Blow Fly (Kay Scarpetta  #12), authors: Patricia Cornwell
The Gift of the Magi and Other Short Stories, authors: O. Henry
James and the Giant Peach, authors: Roald Dahl, Nancy Ekholm Burkert
Ten Short Stories Book & Cd Pack (Penguin Student Editions), authors: Roald Dahl
The Ultramarines Omnibus (Ultramarines #1-3), authors: Graham McNeill
Star Wars Omnibus: X-Wing Rogue Squadron  Vol. 2, authors: Michael A. Stackpole, Jan Strnad, Ryder Windham, Jordi Ensign, John Nadeau, Gary Erskine
The Soul Drinkers Omnibus (Soul Drinkers #1-3), authors: Ben Counter
James and the Giant Peach, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
James and the Giant Peach: a Play, authors: Richard R. George, Roald Dahl
James & The Giant Peach (Disney's), authors: Roald Dahl, Karey Kirkpatrick, Lane Smith
The Progress of Love, authors: Alice Munro
A Memoir of Jane Austen and Other Family Recollections, authors: J.E. Austen Leigh, Caroline Austen, Henry Austen, Anna Austen Lefroy, Kathryn Sutherland
The Jane Austen Cookbook, authors: Maggie Black, Deirdre Le Faye
The Complete Novels, authors: Jane Austen, Karen Joy Fowler
The Cambridge Companion to Jane Austen, authors: Edward Copeland, Juliet McMaster
The Man Who Loved Jane Austen (The Man Who Loved Jane Austen #1), authors: Sally Smith O'Rourke
Jane Austen: A Life, authors: Carol Shields
The Complete Novels of Jane Austen, authors: Jane Austen
Persuasion, authors: Jane Austen, Gillian Beer
The History of England, authors: Jane Austen, Cassandra Austen, Deirdre Le Faye, A.S. Byatt
Jane and the Wandering Eye (Jane Austen Mysteries  #3), authors: Stephanie Barron
Dante: Poet of the Secular World, authors: Erich Auerbach, Ralph Manheim, Michael Dirda
Me Alquilo Para Soñar (Taller de Guión  #62), authors: Gabriel García Márquez
Silent Running, authors: James F. Calvert
La increíble y triste historia de la cándida Eréndira y de su abuela desalmada, authors: Gabriel García Márquez
The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Randolf Hogan
El Dia Que Nietzsche Lloró, authors: Irvin D. Yalom
Zur Genealogie der Moral, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche
Nietzche and Philosophy, authors: Gilles Deleuze, Michael Hardt
The Will to Power, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Walter Kaufmann, R.J. Hollingdale
The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers, authors: Will Durant
The Oxford Companion to Philosophy, authors: Ted Honderich
South Park and Philosophy: You Know  I Learned Something Today, authors: Robert Arp
Superheroes and Philosophy: Truth  Justice  and the Socratic Way, authors: Tom Morris, William Irwin
The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer, authors: William Irwin, Aeon J. Skoble, Mark T. Conard
Philosophy for Dummies, authors: Tom Morris
The Philosophy of Andy Warhol (From A to B and Back Again), authors: Andy Warhol
Harry Potter and Philosophy: If Aristotle Ran Hogwarts, authors: David Baggett, Shawn E. Klein
Philosophy of Religion: An Anthology, authors: Louis P. Pojman
A History of Philosophy 1: Greece and Rome, authors: Frederick Charles Copleston
Western Philosophy: An Anthology, authors: John Cottingham
Star Wars and Philosophy: More Powerful than You Can Possibly Imagine, authors: Kevin S. Decker, Jason T. Eberl, William Irwin, George Lucas, William O. Stephens, Walter Ritoku Robinson, Richard H. Dees, Judith A. Barad, Elizabeth F. Cooke, Richard Hanley, Jerold J. Abrams, Robert Arp, Jan-Erik Jones
Bullshit and Philosophy, authors: Gary L. Hardcastle, George A. Reisch
The Consolation of Philosophy, authors: Boethius, Victor Watts
Philosophy of Mind: Classical and Contemporary Readings, authors: David J. Chalmers
The Undead and Philosophy: Chicken Soup for the Soulless, authors: Richard V. Greene, K. Silem Mohammad
Philosophy in a Time of Terror: Dialogues with Jürgen Habermas and Jacques Derrida, authors: Jürgen Habermas, Jacques Derrida, Giovanna Borradori
An Introduction to Political Philosophy, authors: Jonathan Wolff
A Source Book in Indian Philosophy, authors: Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, Charles Alexander Moore, Kapila, Nandalal Sinha, Kautilya, R. Shamasastry, Manu, Georg Bühler, Patañjali, Rama Prasada, Nāgārjuna, Hermann Oldenberg, Susumu Yamaguchi, Ganganatha Jha, Ramanuja, George Thibaut, Pratap Chandra Ray, Edward J. Thomas
Philosophy: The Basics, authors: Nigel Warburton
A Young Person's Guide To Philosophy, authors: Jeremy Weate, Peter Lawman
Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought, authors: George Lakoff, Mark  Johnson
Practical Philosophy, authors: Immanuel Kant, Mary J. Gregor
Discourse on Method and Meditations on First Philosophy, authors: René Descartes, Donald A. Cress
Readings in Classical Chinese Philosophy, authors: Philip J. Ivanhoe, Bryan W. Van Norden
Logic and Philosophy: A Modern Introduction, authors: Alan Hausman, Paul Tidman
History of Political Philosophy, authors: Leo Strauss, Joseph Cropsey
What Is Ancient Philosophy?, authors: Pierre Hadot, Michael Chase
Lectures on the History of Philosophy 1: Greek Philosophy to Plato, authors: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, E.S. Haldane, Frederick C. Beiser
Seinfeld and Philosophy, authors: William Irwin
Introduction to the Philosophies of Research and Criticism in Education and the Social Sciences, authors: James   Paul
Introducing Philosophy, authors: Dave Robinson, Chris Garratt, Judy Groves
The Matrix and Philosophy: Welcome to the Desert of the Real, authors: William Irwin, Gerald J. Erion, Barry  Smith, Carolyn Korsmeyer, Jonathan J. Sanford, Jason Holt, Theodore Schick Jr., Gregory Bassham, James Lawler, David Mitsuo Nixon
A Short History of Modern Philosophy (Routledge Classics), authors: Roger Scruton
Ancient Philosophy, authors: Anthony Kenny
Woody Allen and Philosophy: [You Mean My Whole Fallacy Is Wrong?], authors: Mark T. Conard, Aeon J. Skoble, Tom Morris, William Irwin
Three Philosophies of Life: Ecclesiastes—Life As Vanity  Job—Life As Suffering  Song of Songs—Life As Love, authors: Peter Kreeft
Philosophy of Religion, authors: John Harwood Hick
Early Greek Philosophy, authors: Jonathan Barnes
Contemporary Political Philosophy, authors: Will Kymlicka
Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Philosophy: Fear and Trembling in Sunnydale, authors: James B. South, William Irwin
Philosophy: The Classics, authors: Nigel Warburton
The Oxford Handbook of Philosophy of Mathematics and Logic, authors: Stewart Shapiro
Three Books of Occult Philosophy, authors: Cornelius Agrippa, Donald Tyson
Philosophy Made Simple, authors: Robert Hellenga
The Philosophy of Biology, authors: David L. Hull, Michael Ruse
Ten Great Works of Philosophy, authors: Robert Paul Wolff, René Descartes, David Hume, Immanuel Kant, John Stuart Mill, William  James, Plato, Aristotle, Anselm of Canterbury, Thomas Aquinas, Various
Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature, authors: Richard M. Rorty
The Best American Sports Writing 2003, authors: Buzz Bissinger, Glenn Stout, Elizabeth Gilbert, Bill Plaschke, Gary Smith, Michael J. Agovino
Walking the Bible: A Journey by Land Through the Five Books of Moses, authors: Bruce Feiler
Mac OS X: Tiger Edition (The Missing Manual), authors: David Pogue
Astonishing X-Men  Volume 2: Dangerous, authors: Joss Whedon, John Cassaday
FINAL FANTASY X Official Strategy Guide, authors: Dan Birlew
Ultimate X-Men  Vol. 14: Phoenix?, authors: Robert Kirkman, Ben Oliver, Tom Raney
Astonishing X-Men  Volume 1: Gifted, authors: Joss Whedon, John Cassaday
Cross-X, authors: Joe  Miller
Astonishing X-Men  Volume 3: Torn, authors: Joss Whedon, John Cassaday
X/1999  Volume 01: Prelude, authors: CLAMP
X/1999  Volume 02: Overture, authors: CLAMP, Fred Burke
鋼之鍊金術師 1, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
鋼之鍊金術師 6, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
鋼之鍊金術師 10, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
鋼之鍊金術師 4, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
鋼之鍊金術師 9, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
鋼之鍊金術師 5, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
鋼之鍊金術師 2, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
鋼之鍊金術師 7, authors: Hiromu Arakawa, 荒川弘, 方郁仁
The Gospel According to Job, authors: Mike Mason
Avid Editing: A Guide for Beginning and Intermediate Users, authors: Sam Kauffmann
The Complete Poems (Poetry Library), authors: D.H. Lawrence
Complete Short Stories  Vol 2, authors: D.H. Lawrence
D.H. Lawrence and Italy: Twilight in Italy/Sea and Sardinia/Etruscan Places, authors: D.H. Lawrence
The Complete Poems, authors: D.H. Lawrence, Vivian de Sola Pinto, Warren Roberts
Sons and Lovers, authors: D.H. Lawrence, Geoff Dyer
The Woman Who Rode Away and Other Stories, authors: D.H. Lawrence, Christa Jansohn
Amnesia Moon, authors: Jonathan Lethem
Paul Revere's Ride, authors: David Hackett Fischer
The Great Wave: Price Revolutions and the Rhythm of History, authors: David Hackett Fischer
Growing Old in America: The Bland-Lee Lectures Delivered at Clark University, authors: David Hackett Fischer
Nathaniel Hawthorne: The Scarlet Letter: Essays  Articles  Reviews, authors: Elmer Kennedy-Andrews
The All-True Travels and Adventures of Lidie Newton, authors: Jane Smiley
The Age of Grief, authors: Jane Smiley
A Year at the Races: Reflections on Horses  Humans  Love  Money  and Luck, authors: Jane Smiley
Venetia, authors: Georgette Heyer
Lady of Quality, authors: Georgette Heyer
False Colours, authors: Georgette Heyer
Sylvester, authors: Georgette Heyer, Joan Wolf
The Convenient Marriage, authors: Georgette Heyer
Sprig Muslin, authors: Georgette Heyer
The Talisman Ring, authors: Georgette Heyer
The Nonesuch, authors: Georgette Heyer
The Foundling, authors: Georgette Heyer, Kay Hooper
Ali and Nino, authors: Kurban Said, Jenia Graman
Ali und Nino, authors: Kurban Said
Last Rights (Francis Hancock #1), authors: Barbara Nadel
Belshazzar's Daughter (Inspector Ikmen #1), authors: Barbara Nadel
Deep Waters (Cetin Ikmen  #4), authors: Barbara Nadel
After the Mourning (Francis Hancock #2), authors: Barbara Nadel
Spiritual Midwifery, authors: Ina May Gaskin
Monday Night Class, authors: Stephen Gaskin
Summer of the Dragon, authors: Elizabeth Peters
Devil May Care, authors: Elizabeth Peters
The Deeds of the Disturber (Amelia Peabody  #5), authors: Elizabeth Peters
The Mammoth Book of Egyptian Whodunnits, authors: Mike Ashley, Elizabeth Peters, Lynda S. Robinson, Lauren Haney
The Best American Classics, authors: Cook's Illustrated Magazine, John  Burgoyne
Cook's Illustrated 2005 (Cook's Illustrated Annuals), authors: Cook's Illustrated Magazine
Cook's Illustrated 2003 (Cook's Illustrated Annuals), authors: Cook's Illustrated Magazine
Cook's Illustrated 1995 (Cook's Illustrated Annuals), authors: Cook's Illustrated Magazine
Zelda's Cut, authors: Philippa Gregory
Thanksgiving on Thursday (Magic Tree House  #27), authors: Mary Pope Osborne, Salvatore Murdocca
Rurouni Kenshin  Volume 27, authors: Nobuhiro Watsuki
Ranma 1/2  Vol. 27 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #27), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Sukhoi Su-27 Flanker (WarbirdTech  #42), authors: Yefim Gordon, Peter Davison
1001 Illuminated Initial Letters: 27 Full-Color Plates, authors: Owen    Jones
Gold Rage (Wilderness  #27), authors: David   Robbins, David Thompson
Asfixia, authors: Chuck Palahniuk
Expectant Father, authors: Melinda Curtis
Horse Heaven, authors: Jane Smiley
White Oleander, authors: Janet Fitch
The Night Remembers (Night  #1), authors: Kathleen Eagle
The Mephisto Club (Rizzoli & Isles  #6), authors: Tess Gerritsen
Vanish (Rizzoli & Isles  #5), authors: Tess Gerritsen
Call After Midnight & Under The Knife, authors: Tess Gerritsen
The Sinner (Rizzoli & Isles  #3), authors: Tess Gerritsen
Body Double (Rizzoli & Isles  #4), authors: Tess Gerritsen
Life Support, authors: Tess Gerritsen
The Family that Couldn't Sleep, authors: D.T. Max
River Out of Eden: A Darwinian View of Life, authors: Richard Dawkins, Lalla Ward
Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence, authors: Carl Sagan
Eden: It's an Endless World  Volume 1 (Eden: It's an Endless World  #1), authors: Hiroki Endo
Demonic Males: Apes and the Origins of Human Violence, authors: Richard W. Wrangham, Dale Peterson
A Mad People's History of Madness, authors: Dale Peterson
A Primate's Memoir: A Neuroscientist's Unconventional Life Among the Baboons, authors: Robert M. Sapolsky
Blame It on the Brain: Distinguishing Chemical Imbalances  Brain Disorders  and Disobedience, authors: Edward T. Welch
Blame!  Vol. 7, authors: Tsutomu Nihei
The Berenstain Bears and the Blame Game, authors: Stan Berenstain, Jan Berenstain
Blame!  Vol. 8, authors: Tsutomu Nihei
The New Don't Blame Mother: Mending the Mother-Daughter Relationship, authors: Paula J. Caplan
Blame It on Paris, authors: Laura Florand
No Wind of Blame (Inspector Hemingway #1), authors: Georgette Heyer
Uncle John's Presents Blame It on the Weather: Amazing Weather Facts, authors: David W. Phillips, Michael Parfit, Suzanne Chisholm, Bathroom Readers' Institute
Who's To Blame (Sweet Valley High  #66), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Blame! #1, authors: Tsutomu Nihei
Air Gear  Vol. 2 (Air Gear  #2), authors: Oh! Great, 大暮 維人
Air Gear  Vol. 3 (Air Gear  #3), authors: Oh! Great, 大暮 維人
Air Gear  Vol. 1 (Air Gear  #1), authors: Oh! Great, 大暮 維人
Air Gear  Vol. 4 (Air Gear  #4), authors: Oh! Great, 大暮 維人
Fire in the Minds of Men: Origins of the Revolutionary Faith, authors: James H. Billington
Mutant Message Down Under, authors: Marlo Morgan
Mutants & Masterminds: RPG, authors: Steve Kenson, Ramón Pérez
Mutants: On Genetic Variety and the Human Body, authors: Armand Marie Leroi
The New Mutants Classic  Vol. 1, authors: Chris Claremont, Bob McLeod
James Dean: The Mutant King: A Biography, authors: David Dalton
Dry, authors: Augusten Burroughs
Yes  Your Teen Is Crazy!: Loving Your Kid Without Losing Your Mind, authors: Michael J. Bradley
El Retrato De Dorian Gray, authors: Oscar Wilde
Henry IV  Part 1, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine
Henry IV  Part 2, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine
Henry IV  part II, authors: William Shakespeare
King Henry IV  Part 2, authors: William Shakespeare, Arthur Raleigh Humphreys
Piccole donne, authors: Louisa May Alcott, Jame's Prunier, Laura Cangemi
I Henry IV, authors: William Shakespeare, Gordon McMullan
Collected Plays: Henry IV  The Man with the Flower in His Mouth  Right You Are, authors: Luigi Pirandello, Henry Reed
Henry IV  Parts I & II, authors: William Shakespeare, Ronald K. Levao
Black Sunday, authors: Thomas  Harris
Hannibal (Hannibal Lecter  #3), authors: Thomas  Harris
The Hannibal Lecter Trilogy, authors: Thomas  Harris
Velocity, authors: Dean Koontz
Hideaway, authors: Dean Koontz
Lightning, authors: Dean Koontz
Icebound, authors: David Axton, Dean Koontz
The Servants of Twilight / Darkfall / Phantoms, authors: Dean Koontz, Leigh Nichols
Shadow Fires, authors: Leigh Nichols, Dean Koontz
The Bad Place, authors: Dean R. Koontz
Fear Nothing (Moonlight Bay  #1), authors: Dean Koontz
The Key to Midnight, authors: Dean Koontz, Leigh Nichols
Mr. Murder, authors: Dean Koontz
Phantoms, authors: Dean Koontz
The Face, authors: Dean Koontz
Shattered, authors: Dean Koontz
Intensity, authors: Dean Koontz
The Good Guy, authors: Dean Koontz
The Eyes of Darkness, authors: Leigh Nichols, Dean Koontz
The Door to December, authors: Richard Paige, Dean Koontz
The Servants of Twilight, authors: Leigh Nichols, Dean Koontz
Darkfall, authors: Dean Koontz
Ghosts and Grisly Things, authors: Ramsey Campbell, Jack Dann, Dennis Etchison
Shakespeare: The Biography, authors: Peter Ackroyd
The Necessary Shakespeare, authors: William Shakespeare
Shakespeare After All, authors: Marjorie Garber
Playing Shakespeare: An Actor's Guide, authors: John   Barton, Luann Walther
John Grisham Value Collection: A Time to Kill  The Firm  The Client, authors: John Grisham, Michael Beck, Blair Brown, D.W. Moffett
The Pelican Brief, authors: John Grisham
The Harry Bosch Novels  Volume 1: The Black Echo / The Black Ice / The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch #1-3), authors: Michael Connelly
Echo Park (Harry Bosch  #12; Harry Bosch Universe  #16), authors: Michael Connelly
Angels Flight (Harry Bosch  #6; Harry Bosch Universe  #7), authors: Michael Connelly
The Harry Bosch Novels  Volume 2: The Last Coyote / Trunk Music / Angels Flight (Harry Bosch  #4-6), authors: Michael Connelly
The Closers (Harry Bosch  #11; Harry Bosch Universe  #14), authors: Michael Connelly
The Poet (Jack McEvoy  #1; Harry Bosch Universe  #5), authors: Michael Connelly
Chasing the Dime, authors: Michael Connelly
The Black Echo (Harry Bosch  #1; Harry Bosch Universe  #1), authors: Michael Connelly
Tales From Shakespeare, authors: Charles Lamb, Mary Lamb, Arthur Rackham
Shakespeare's Champion (Lily Bard  #2), authors: Charlaine Harris
Will in the World: How Shakespeare Became Shakespeare, authors: Stephen Greenblatt
Sonnets, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine
Shakespeare's Trollop (Lily Bard  #4), authors: Charlaine Harris
Shakespeare's Kitchen: Renaissance Recipes for the Contemporary Cook, authors: Francine Segan, Tim Turner, Patrick O'Connell
Sonnets, authors: William Shakespeare, Stephen  Booth
The Art of Shakespeare's Sonnets, authors: Helen Vendler
Hide (Detective D.D. Warren  #2), authors: Lisa Gardner
Alone (Detective D.D. Warren  #1), authors: Lisa Gardner, Anna Fields
The Third Victim (Quincy & Rainie  #2), authors: Lisa Gardner
On Becoming a Novelist, authors: John Gardner, Raymond Carver
The Art of Fiction: Notes on Craft for Young Writers, authors: John Gardner
October Light, authors: John Gardner, Tom Bissell
Excellence, authors: John W. Gardner
Conversations with Bernard Malamud (Literary Conversations), authors: J. Michael Lennon, Lawrence M. Lasher
Essential Tales and Poems, authors: Edgar Allan Poe, Benjamin F. Fisher
Poetry  Tales and Selected Essays, authors: Edgar Allan Poe, Gary Richard Thompson, G.R. Thompson, Patrick F. Quinn
The Complete Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Nahum N. Glatzer, John Updike
The Sons, authors: Franz Kafka, Edwin Muir, Willa Muir, Eithne Wilkins, Ernst Kaiser, Mark Anderson, Arthur S. Wensinger
The Metamorphosis and Other Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Donna Freed, Jason Baker
The Metamorphosis And Other Stories, authors: Franz Kafka, Joachim Neugroschel
Metamorphosis (Star Trek: The Next Generation), authors: Jean Lorrah
Lolita, authors: Richard Corliss
Lolita: The Screenplay, authors: Vladimir Nabokov
Lolita, authors: Vladimir Nabokov, Martin Amis
Mysteries, authors: Knut Hamsun, Sverre Lyngstad
Hunger, authors: Knut Hamsun, George Egerton
Victoria, authors: Knut Hamsun, Oliver Stallybrass
The Wanderer, authors: Knut Hamsun, Oliver Stallybrass, Gunnvor Stallybrass
Pan, authors: Knut Hamsun, Sverre Lyngstad
The Last Joy, authors: Knut Hamsun, Sverre Lyngstad
In Wonderland, authors: Knut Hamsun, Sverre Lyngstad
Guilty as Charged, authors: Scott Turow, Sarah Shankman, Jay Brandon, Jeremiah Healy, Ed Gorman, John Jakes, Maynard F. Thomson, Lia Matera, Susan Dunlap, Bill Pronzini, John Lutz, Andrew Klavan, Marcia Muller, Stuart M. Kaminsky, Carolyn Wheat, Stan Washburn, Valerie Frankel
On the Shoulders of Giants: The Great Works of Physics and Astronomy, authors: Stephen Hawking, Isaac Newton, Nicolaus Copernicus, Albert Einstein, Johannes Kepler, Galileo Galilei
Visions of Heaven and Hell, authors: Clive Barker
Books of Blood: Volumes One to Three (Books of Blood #1-3), authors: Clive Barker
Everville (Book of the Art #2), authors: Clive Barker
The Great and Secret Show (Book of the Art #1), authors: Clive Barker
Abarat: Days of Magic  Nights of War, authors: Clive Barker
Imajica: The Reconciliation, authors: Clive Barker
Sacrament, authors: Clive Barker
The Inhuman Condition (Books of Blood  #4), authors: Clive Barker
Notebook of a Return to the Native Land, authors: Aimé Césaire, Annette Smith, Clayton Eshleman
The Return of the Native, authors: Thomas Hardy, Alexander Theroux
The Return of the Native, authors: Thomas Hardy, Phillip Mallett
The Stephen King Collection: Stories from Night Shift, authors: Stephen King, John  Glover
Blood and Smoke, authors: Stephen King
LT's Theory of Pets, authors: Stephen King
Carretera maldita, authors: Richard Bachman, Stephen King, Joseph M. Apfelbäume
Silver Bullet, authors: Stephen King, Bernie Wrightson
Patriot Games (Jack Ryan  #1), authors: Tom Clancy
Legends, authors: Robert Silverberg, Stephen King, Robert Jordan, Terry Goodkind, Anne McCaffrey, Orson Scott Card, Tad Williams, George R.R. Martin, Raymond E. Feist, Terry Pratchett, Ursula K. Le Guin
Bare Bones: Conversations on Terror with Stephen King, authors: Tim Underwood, Chuck Miller, Stephen King
Four Past Midnight, authors: Stephen King
Gerald's Game, authors: Stephen King
Faithful: Two Diehard Boston Red Sox Fans Chronicle the Historic 2004 Season, authors: Stewart O'Nan, Stephen King
El talismán, authors: Stephen King, Peter Straub, Pilar Giralt Gorina
El umbral de la noche, authors: Stephen King, Gregorio Vlastelica, Eduardo Goligorsky
Rabia, authors: Richard Bachman, Stephen King, Hernán Sabaté Vargas
The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red, authors: Joyce Reardon, Steven Rimbauer, Ridley Pearson
Now and on Earth, authors: Jim Thompson, Stephen King
The Monkey, authors: Stephen King, David Purdham
Desperation / The Regulators: Box Set, authors: Stephen King, Richard Bachman
Ojos de fuego, authors: Stephen King, Eduardo Goligorsky
Tevye's Daughters: Collected Stories of Sholom Aleichem, authors: Sholom Aleichem, Frances Butwin
Favorite Tales of Sholom Aleichem, authors: Sholom Aleichem, Ben Shahn, Frances Butwin, Julius Butwin
Brown Girl  Brownstones, authors: Paule Marshall, Mary Helen Washington, Edwidge Danticat
V., authors: Thomas Pynchon
Gimpel the Fool: And Other Stories, authors: Isaac Bashevis Singer, Saul Bellow
At the Mountains of Madness, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, China Miéville, S.T. Joshi
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, James Turner, S.T. Joshi, August Derleth
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Tales of Terror, authors: H.P. Lovecraft
Mountain Madness (Wilderness  #24), authors: David   Robbins, David Thompson
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels of Terror, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, August Derleth, E. Hoffmann Price
The Aeneid, authors: Virgil, Robert Fitzgerald
The Aeneid (Verse Translation), authors: Virgil, Rolfe Humphries
The Iliad, authors: Homer, Andrew Lang
War and the Iliad, authors: Simone Weil, Rachel Bespaloff, Mary McCarthy, Christopher E.G. Benfey, Hermann Broch
The Iliad, authors: Homer, Victor G. Ambrus, Nick McCarty
Trojan Odyssey (Dirk Pitt  #17), authors: Clive Cussler
The Divine Comedy II: Purgatory, authors: Dante Alighieri, Dorothy L. Sayers, C.W. Scott-Giles
The Divine Comedy, authors: Dante Alighieri, C.H. Sisson, David H. Higgins
Paradiso (The Divine Comedy  #3), authors: Dante Alighieri, Dorothy L. Sayers, Barbara Reynolds
Modern Reader's Guide to Dante's the Divine Comedy, authors: Joseph Gallagher
The Canterbury Tales, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, Nevill Coghill
The Canterbury Tales: Fifteen Tales and the General Prologue, authors: Geoffrey Chaucer, V.A. Kolve, Glending Olson
Fanning the Flame: Bible  Cross  and Mission, authors: Chris    Green, Chris Wright, Paul Douglas Gardner
From the Earth to the Moon (Extraordinary Voyages  #4), authors: Jules Verne
The Mammoth Book of New Jules Verne Adventures: Return to the Center of the Earth and Other Extraordinary Voyages  New Tales by the Heirs of Jules Verne, authors: Mike Ashley, Eric Brown, Keith Brooke, Johan Heliot, Kevin J. Anderson, Sarah A. Hoyt, Justina Robson, Adam Roberts, Paul Di Filippo, Tim Lebbon, Molly Brown, Tony Ballantyne, Stephen Baxter, Richard A. Lupoff, Sharan Newman, Michael Pagel, Liz Williams, Brian Stableford, James Lovegrove, Ian Watson, Peter Criwther, Laurent Genefirt, F. Gwynplaine MacIntyre, Michael Mallory
Journey to the Center of the Earth (Extraordinary Voyages  #3), authors: Jules Verne
20 000 Leagues Under The Sea, authors: Pauline Francis, Jules Verne
The Mysterious Island (Extraordinary Voyages  #12), authors: Jules Verne, Caleb Carr, Jordan Stump
The Lighthouse at the End of the World, authors: Jules Verne
The World of Jules Verne, authors: Gonzague Saint Bris, Arthur C. Clarke, Stéphane Heuet, Helen Marx, Saint-Bris Gonzague
The End of Nana Sahib: The Steam House (Extraordinary Voyages  #20), authors: Jules Verne, Agnes D. Kingston
Around the World in Eighty Days, authors: Jules Verne, Herbert R. Lottman, Jacqueline Rogers
Around the World in Eighty Days, authors: Jules Verne, George M. Towle, Bruce Sterling
The Mysterious Island, authors: Jules Verne, Jordan Stump, Caleb Carr
Adrift in the Pacific: Two Years Holiday (Extraordinary Voyages  #32), authors: Jules Verne
Final Payments, authors: Mary Gordon
Sliver of Truth (Ridley Jones #2), authors: Lisa Unger
The Mothman Prophecies, authors: John A. Keel
Intimate Communion: Awakening Your Sexual Essence, authors: David Deida, Lorrie Bortner
Letter to a Man in the Fire: Does God Exist and Does He Care?, authors: Reynolds Price
The Promise of Rest, authors: Reynolds Price, Mary Bess Engel
Perfect Match, authors: Jodi Picoult
Demon Box, authors: Ken Kesey
Sailor Song, authors: Ken Kesey
On the Bus: The Complete Guide to the Legendary Trip of Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters and the Birth of Counterculture, authors: Paul Perry, Ken Babbs
The Further Inquiry, authors: Ken Kesey, Ron Bevirt
Goodnight Moon, authors: Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd
Goodnight Moon 123: A Counting Book (Over the Moon), authors: Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd
New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer, authors: Bill Maher
True Story, authors: Bill Maher
Does Anybody Have a Problem With That? The Best of Politically Incorrect, authors: Bill Maher
The Outsiders, authors: S.E. Hinton
Outsiders Within: Writing on Transracial Adoption, authors: Jane Jeong Trenka, Julia Chinyere Oparah
Outsiders  Vol. 5: The Good Fight, authors: Judd Winick, Matthew Clark, Art Thibert, Pop Mhan, Ron Randall
Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches, authors: Audre Lorde
Caramelo, authors: Sandra Cisneros
The House on Mango Street, authors: Sandra Cisneros
Selections from Homer’s Iliad, authors: Homer, Allen Rogers Benner, Mark W. Edwards
The Merchant of Venice, authors: William Shakespeare
Nancy Drew: Girl Detective: #1-4, authors: Carolyn Keene
Nancy's Mysterious Letter (Nancy Drew Mystery Stories  #8), authors: Carolyn Keene, Walter Karig
The Secret of the Old Clock (Nancy Drew Mystery Stories  #1), authors: Carolyn Keene, Russell H. Tandy, Sara Paretsky
The Mystery at the Moss-covered Mansion (Nancy Drew Mystery Stories  #18), authors: Carolyn Keene, Russell H. Tandy, Mildred Benson
The Mystery of the Brass-Bound Trunk (Nancy Drew Mystery Stories  #17), authors: Carolyn Keene, Mildred Benson
The Mantle of the Prophet: Religion and Politics in Iran, authors: Roy Mottahedeh
The Greatest Generation, authors: Tom Brokaw
Maverick: The Success Story Behind the World's Most Unusual Workplace, authors: Ricardo Semler
Weekend Warriors (Sisterhood  #1), authors: Fern Michaels
The Weekend Novelist, authors: Robert J. Ray, Bret Norris
The Week-End Book, authors: Francis Meynell, John Julius Norwich, Francis Maynell
North Carolina Weekends, authors: Lynn Setzer
Far from the Madding Crowd, authors: Thomas Hardy, Margaret Drabble
Selected Poems, authors: Thomas Hardy, Robert Mezey
Selected Poetry, authors: Thomas Hardy, Samuel Hynes
Underworld (Underworld  #1), authors: Greg Cox, Danny McBride, Len Wiseman, Kevin Grevioux
Underworld: The Mysterious Origins of Civilization, authors: Graham Hancock
The Dream and the Underworld, authors: James Hillman
Underworld (Star Wars: The Last of the Jedi  #3), authors: Jude Watson
Star Wars: Underworld - The Yavin Vassilika, authors: Mike Kennedy, Carlos Meglia
Underworld: Blood Enemy (Underworld  #2), authors: Greg Cox, Len Wiseman, Kevin Grevioux
Queen of the Underworld, authors: Gail Godwin
Ve  perro ¡Ve!, authors: P.D. Eastman, Adolfo Pérez Perdomo
Murder in the Cathedral, authors: T.S. Eliot
Cathedral  Forge  and Waterwheel: Technology and Invention in the Middle Ages, authors: Frances Gies, Joseph Gies
L'Équilibre du monde, authors: Rohinton Mistry, Françoise Adelstain
In the Kitchen with Rosie: Oprah's Favorite Recipes, authors: Rosie Daley, Oprah Winfrey
King Richard II, authors: William Shakespeare, Andrew Gurr
King Richard II, authors: William Shakespeare, Charles R. Forker
King Richard II, authors: William Shakespeare, Andrew Gurr
Floating in My Mother's Palm, authors: Ursula Hegi, John Collier, Francine Kass
Tearing the Silence: On Being German in America, authors: Ursula Hegi
Paint it Black, authors: Janet Fitch
The Tempest, authors: William Shakespeare, Peter Hulme, William H. Sherman
The Day of the Tempest (Dragonlance: Dragons of a New Age  #2), authors: Jean Rabe
A Tempest, authors: Aimé Césaire, Richard Miller
A Midsummer Night's Dream, authors: William Shakespeare, Harold F. Brooks
A Midsummer Night's Dream (SparkNotes Literature Guide), authors: SparkNotes, William Shakespeare
A Midsummer Night's Dream, authors: William Shakespeare, R.A. Foakes
Minuit dans le jardin du bien et du mal, authors: John Berendt
Les Essais (mis en français moderne par Claude Pinganaud), authors: Michel de Montaigne
Cliffs Notes on Hugo's Les Miserables, authors: Amy L. Marsland
Les Misérables, authors: Victor Hugo, Norman Denny
Hamlet in Purgatory, authors: Stephen Greenblatt
From Hinton to Hamlet: Building Bridges between Young Adult Literature and the Classics, authors: Sarah K. Herz, Donald R. Gallo
Hamlet, authors: William Shakespeare, Burton Raffel, Harold Bloom
Hamlet  Prince of Denmark, authors: William Shakespeare, Philip Edwards, Robert Hapgood
Romeo & Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill
Romeo and Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, Paul D. Moliken
Romeo and Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, G. Blakemore Evans, Thomas Moisan
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, Karin Jacobson, Sidney Lamb
Romeo and Juliet (SparkNotes Literature Guide), authors: SparkNotes, Brian  Phillips, William Shakespeare
Romeo and Juliet, authors: William Shakespeare, René Weis
La Petite Fille du Lac, authors: Christina Schwarz, Marie-Hélène Sabard
South of the Border  West of the Sun, authors: Haruki Murakami, Philip Gabriel
Clock of the Long Now: Time and Responsibility: The Ideas Behind the World's Slowest Computer, authors: Stewart Brand
Jessica's Bad Idea (Sweet Valley Twins and Friends  #31), authors: Francine Pascal, Jamie Suzanne
How to Win Friends and Influence People, authors: Dale Carnegie
How to Win Friends and Influence People, authors: Dale Carnegie
How to Win Friends and Influence People for Teen Girls, authors: Donna Dale Carnegie
Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science, authors: Charles Wheelan
The Naked Warrior: Master the Secrets of the Super-Strong - Using Bodyweight Exercises Only, authors: Pavel Tsatsouline
The Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal, authors: Desmond Morris
There's No Toilet Paper . . . on the Road Less Traveled: The Best of Travel Humor and Misadventure, authors: Doug Lansky
Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly, authors: Anthony Bourdain
More Than You Know: Finding Financial Wisdom in Unconventional Places, authors: Michael J. Mauboussin
Searching for God Knows What, authors: Donald Miller
The More Than Complete Hitchhiker's Guide (Hitchhiker's Guide  #1-4 + short story), authors: Douglas Adams
Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy: The Filming of the Douglas Adams classic, authors: Robbie Stamp, Paul Simpson
Different Seasons, authors: Stephen King
It's Called a Breakup Because It's Broken: The Smart Girl's Break-Up Buddy, authors: Greg Behrendt, Amiira Ruotola (-Behrendt)
Jennifer Government, authors: Max Barry
Mama Day, authors: Gloria Naylor
A Feather on the Breath of God, authors: Sigrid Nunez
Mitz The Marmoset of Bloomsbury, authors: Sigrid Nunez
War with the Newts, authors: Karel Čapek, M. Weatherall, R. Weatherall, Ivan Klíma
Parallel Worlds: A Journey through Creation  Higher Dimensions  and the Future of the Cosmos, authors: Michio Kaku
Key Lime Pie Murder (Hannah Swensen  #9), authors: Joanne Fluke
Cherry Cheesecake Murder (Hannah Swensen  #8), authors: Joanne Fluke
Peach Cobbler Murder (Hannah Swensen  #7), authors: Joanne Fluke
Strawberry Shortcake Murder (Hannah Swensen  #2), authors: Joanne Fluke
Lemon Meringue Pie Murder (Hannah Swensen  #4), authors: Joanne Fluke
Fluke: Or  I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings, authors: Christopher Moore
Sugar Cookie Murder (Hannah Swensen  #6), authors: Joanne Fluke
Chocolate Chip Cookie Murder (Hannah Swensen  #1), authors: Joanne Fluke
Blueberry Muffin Murder (Hannah Swensen  #3), authors: Joanne Fluke
The Wolf Shall Dwell With the Lamb: A Spirituality for Leadership in a Multicultural Community, authors: Eric H.F. Law
Focus: The Future of Your Company Depends on It, authors: Al Ries, Laura Ries
Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind, authors: Al Ries, Jack Trout
The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing: Violate Them at Your Own Risk, authors: Al Ries, Jack Trout
Horse Sense: How to Pull Ahead on the Business Track, authors: Al Ries, Jack Trout
You Suck (A Love Story  #2), authors: Christopher Moore
Bloodsucking Fiends (A Love Story  #1), authors: Christopher Moore
Island of the Sequined Love Nun, authors: Christopher Moore
A Dirty Job (Grim Reaper  #1), authors: Christopher Moore
Practical Demonkeeping (Pine Cove  #1), authors: Christopher Moore
The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove (Pine Cove  #2), authors: Christopher Moore
Granta 7, authors: Bill Buford, Clive Sinclair, Graham Swift, Martin Amis, Rose Tremain, A.N. Wilson, Pat Barker, Julian Barnes, Ursula Bentley, William Boyd, Buchi Emecheta, Alan Judd, Maggie Gee, Kazuo Ishiguro, Adam Mars-Jones, Ian McEwan, Shiva Naipaul, Philip Norman, Christopher Priest, Salman Rushdie, Lisa St. Aubin de Terán
Will Eisner's New York: Life in the Big City (The New York Tetralogy  #1-4), authors: Will Eisner, Neil Gaiman
Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative, authors: Will Eisner
The Best of the Spirit, authors: Will Eisner, Neil Gaiman
The Plot: The Secret Story of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, authors: Will Eisner, Stephen Eric Bronner, Umberto Eco, Sergei Nilus
Will Eisner Sketchbook, authors: Will Eisner
The Conquering Sword of Conan (Conan the Cimmerian  #3), authors: Robert E. Howard, Gregory Manchess, Patrice Louinet
Conan and the Demons of Khitai, authors: Akira Yoshida, Pat Lee, Paul Lee, C.B. Cebulski
Call of Cthulhu: Horror Roleplaying (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Sandy Petersen, Lynn Willis
The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories, authors: H.P. Lovecraft
The Keeper's Companion 2: Prohibition  Firearms  Tomes  & Creatures (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Lynn Willis, Brian M. Sammons, Adam Gauntlett, William Dietze, Greg Henrikson, Charles P. Zaglanis, J. Gordon Olmstead-Dean, M.J. Lempert, James Crowder
Secrets of New York (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: William    Jones
The Keeper's Companion Vol. 1 (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Keith Herber, Brian M. Sammons, William Dietze, Chaosium Inc.
Secrets of San Francisco: A 1920s Sourcebook for the City by the Bay (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Cody Goodfellow
Miskatonic University: Dire Secrets & Campus Life (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Sam Johnson, Sandy Antunes
Call of Cthulhu: Horror Roleplaying (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Sandy Petersen, Lynn Willis
Shadows of Yog-Sothoth (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Sandy Petersen
Song of Cthulhu: Tales of the Spheres Beyond Sound, authors: Stephen Mark Rainey, H.P. Lovecraft, Ramsey Campbell, Edward P. Berglund, Fred Chappel, Caitlín R. Kiernan, Thomas F. Montelone, E.A. Lustig, Brian McNaughton, William R. Trotter
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea (Extraordinary Voyages  #6), authors: Jules Verne, Anthony Bonner
One Thousand White Women: The Journals of May Dodd (One Thousand White Women  #1), authors: Jim Fergus
The White Man's Burden: Why the West's Efforts to Aid the Rest Have Done So Much Ill and So Little Good, authors: William Easterly
The Elements of Style, authors: William Strunk Jr., E.B. White
Dracula, authors: Bram Stoker
Happy Hour at Casa Dracula (Casa Dracula  #1), authors: Marta Acosta
Frankenstein, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Susan J. Wolfson
World War One British Poets: Brooke  Owen  Sassoon  Rosenberg and Others, authors: Candace Ward
World War II: A Short History, authors: Michael J. Lyons
A Short History of World War I, authors: James L. Stokesbury
Collected Stories  Vol. 2, authors: Richard Matheson, Stanley Wiater, Jack Finney, George Clayton Johnson
Nightmare At 20 000 Feet, authors: Richard Matheson, Stephen King
Earthbound, authors: Logan Swanson, Richard Matheson
Hell House, authors: Richard Matheson
Noir: Three Novels of Suspense, authors: Richard Matheson
7 Steps to Midnight, authors: Richard Matheson
Duel, authors: Richard Matheson, Ray Bradbury
What Dreams May Come, authors: Richard Matheson
Richard Matheson's Hell House  Book 2, authors: Ian Edginton, Simon Fraser
Bloodlines, authors: Richard Matheson, Mark Dawidziak
The Bridegroom, authors: Ha Jin
Under the Red Flag, authors: Ha Jin
Ocean of Words, authors: Ha Jin
The Bridegroom, authors: Ha Jin
In the Pond, authors: Ha Jin
That Was Then  This Is Now, authors: S.E. Hinton
Hawkes Harbor, authors: S.E. Hinton
The Collection: The Outsiders / Rumble Fish / That Was Then  This Is Now, authors: S.E. Hinton
The Work of Work Servitude  Slavery and Labor in Medieval England, authors: Allen J. Frantzen, Ruth Mazo Karras, Madonna J. Hettinger, Elizabeth Stevens Girsch, John Ruffing, George Ovitt Jr., Ross Samson, Niall Brady, Douglas Moffat, David Aers, Louise M. Bishop
East of Eden, authors: John Steinbeck
Katherine, authors: Anya Seton, Philippa Gregory
The Fourth of July Story, authors: Alice Dalgliesh, Marie Nonnast
Fourth of July Mice!, authors: Bethany Roberts, Doug Cushman
Apple Pie 4th of July, authors: Janet S. Wong, Margaret Chodos-Irvine
Roses Are Red (Alex Cross  #6), authors: James Patterson
4th of July (Women's Murder Club  #4), authors: James Patterson, Maxine Paetro
Virgin, authors: James Patterson
Thriller: Stories To Keep You Up All Night, authors: James Patterson, Ted Bell, Raelynn Hillhouse, Gregg Hurwitz, Alex Kava, J.A. Konrath, John Lescroart, David Liss, Eric Van Lustbader, Dennis Lynds, Gayle Lynds, Steve Berry, Chris Mooney, David Morrell, Katherine Neville, Michael Palmer, Douglas Preston, Christopher Reich, James Rollins, M.J. Rose, James Siegel, Grant Blackwood, Brad Thor, M. Diane Vogt, F. Paul Wilson, Lee Child, Lincoln Child, David Dun, Heather Graham, James Grippando, Denise Hamilton, David Liparulo, Christopher  Rice
Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports (Maximum Ride  #3), authors: James Patterson
1st To Die (The Women's Murder Club  #1), authors: James Patterson
How to Write a Damn Good Mystery: A Practical Step-by-Step Guide from Inspiration to Finished Manuscript, authors: James N. Frey
Mediterranean Winter: The Pleasures of History and Landscape in Tunisia  Sicily  Dalmatia and the Peloponnese, authors: Robert D. Kaplan
Balkan Ghosts: A Journey Through History, authors: Robert D. Kaplan
Mediterranean Winter: The Pleasures of History & Landscape in Tunisia  Sicily  Dalmatia & Greece, authors: Robert D. Kaplan
El librero de Kabul, authors: Åsne Seierstad
Der Buchhändler aus Kabul: Eine Familiengeschichte, authors: Åsne Seierstad
Does God Know How to Tie Shoes?, authors: Nancy White Carlstrom, Lori McElrath-Eslick
The Ties That Bind: Life's Most Essential Knots and Ties, authors: Susan Oliver, Harry   Bates
The Undomestic Goddess, authors: Sophie Kinsella
Girls' Night In, authors: Lauren Henderson, Chris Manby, Sarah Mlynowski, Jill A. Davis, Stella Duffy, Lisa Jewell, Marian Keyes, Sophie Kinsella, Adèle Lang, Carole Matthews, Anna Maxted, Megan McCafferty, Alisa Valdes, Isabel Wolff, Meg Cabot, Jessica Adams, Louise Bagshawe, Emily Barr, Jenny Colgan, Lynda Curnyn, Jennifer Weiner
Can You Keep a Secret?, authors: Sophie Kinsella
Crazy For You, authors: Jennifer Crusie
Welcome to Temptation (Dempseys  #1), authors: Jennifer Crusie
Faking It (Dempseys  #2), authors: Jennifer Crusie
Anyone But You, authors: Jennifer Crusie
Getting Rid of Bradley, authors: Jennifer Crusie
What The Lady Wants, authors: Jennifer Crusie
Manhunting, authors: Jennifer Crusie
The Unfortunate Miss Fortunes, authors: Jennifer Crusie, Eileen Dreyer, Anne Stuart
La falsificadora, authors: Jennifer Crusie, Marina Mariasch
Die Naschkatzen, authors: Jennifer Crusie
Coffee at Luke's: An Unauthorized Gilmore Girls Gabfest, authors: Jennifer Crusie, Leah Wilson, Gregory Stevenson
Bueno en la Cama, authors: Jennifer Weiner, Eduardo García Murillo
Behaving Like Adults, authors: Anna Maxted
Over 100 Truly Astonishing Sex Tips, authors: Anna Maxted
How to Seduce Your Dream Man, authors: Anna Maxted
Running in Heels, authors: Anna Maxted
Kopfüber ins Glück, authors: Anna Maxted
Venice: Tales of the City, authors: Michelle Lovric
Caucasia, authors: Danzy Senna
The Talbot Odyssey, authors: Nelson DeMille
The Lion's Game (John Corey  #2), authors: Nelson DeMille
Word of Honor, authors: Nelson DeMille
Plum Island (John Corey  #1), authors: Nelson DeMille
Spencerville, authors: Nelson DeMille
Up Country, authors: Nelson DeMille
Wolfsbrut., authors: Nelson DeMille
The Talbot Odyssey, authors: Nelson DeMille
Night Falls Fast: Understanding Suicide, authors: Kay Redfield Jamison
Before Night Falls, authors: Reinaldo Arenas, Dolores M. Koch
When True Night Falls (The Coldfire Trilogy  #2), authors: C.S. Friedman
Nightfall, authors: Anne Stuart
When Night Falls, authors: Linda  Anderson
Before Night Falls, authors: Keith Gray
Where the Broken Heart Still Beats: The Story of Cynthia Ann Parker, authors: Carolyn Meyer
In Cahootz: Sequel to Hoodwinked, authors: Quentin Carter
Earned Value Project Management, authors: Quentin W. Fleming, Joel M. Koppelman
Quintessential Tarantino, authors: Edwin Page
The Foundations of Modern Political Thought: Volume One: The Renaissance, authors: Quentin Skinner
Tara Road, authors: Maeve Binchy
On the Road to Tara, authors: Aljean Harmetz
Selected Stories, authors: Andre Dubus
Broken Vessels, authors: Andre Dubus
In the Bedroom: Seven Stories, authors: Andre Dubus, Todd Field
Thirteen Moons, authors: Charles Frazier
Swimming Upstream: Collaborative Approaches to Watershed Management, authors: Paul A. Sabatier, Will Focht, Mark Lubell, Zev Trachtenberg, Arnold Vedlitz, Marty Matlock
Story of a Girl, authors: Sara Zarr
Approaches to Teaching Atwood's "the Handmaid's Tale" and Other Works (Approaches to Teaching World Literature), authors: Sharon Rose Wilson, Thomas B. Friedman, Shannon Eileen Hengen
The Namesake, authors: Jhumpa Lahiri
Becoming a Goddess of Inner Poise: Spirituality for the Bridget Jones in All of Us, authors: Donna Freitas
Full House: The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
Eight Little Piggies: Reflections in Natural History, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
Time's Arrow  Time's Cycle: Myth and Metaphor in the Discovery of Geological Time, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
The Hedgehog  the Fox & the Magister's Pox: Mending the Gap Between Science & the Humanities, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
The Panda's Thumb: More Reflections in Natural History, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
Bully for Brontosaurus: Reflections in Natural History, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes: Further Reflections in Natural History, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
The Richness of Life: The Essential Stephen Jay Gould, authors: Stephen Jay Gould, Paul McGarr, Oliver Sacks, Steven Rose
The Wheel of Life: A Memoir of Living and Dying, authors: Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
Persuasive Communication, authors: James B. Stiff, Paul A. Mongeau
The Spook's Apprentice (The Last Apprentice / Wardstone Chronicles  #1), authors: Joseph Delaney
Spooks: The Haunting of America: The Private Use of Secret Agents, authors: Jim Hougan
No More Bull!: The Mad Cowboy Targets America's Worst Enemy: Our Diet, authors: Howard F. Lyman, Glen Merzer, Joanna Samorow-Merzer, Caldwell B. Esselstyn Jr.
Animal E.R.: Extraordinary Stories Hope Healing from 1 World's Leading Veterinary Hospitals, authors: Vicki Constantine Croke, Vicki Constantine Croke
ER Vets: Life in an Animal Emergency Room, authors: Donna M. Jackson
The 9/11 Commission Report: Final Report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States, authors: National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon The United States
Citizen Girl, authors: Emma McLaughlin, Nicola Kraus
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, authors: Charles Darwin, Michael T. Ghiselin
The Origin of Species/The Voyage of the Beagle, authors: Charles Darwin, Richard Dawkins
Genetics and the Origin of Species, authors: Theodosius Dobzhansky, Niles Eldredge, Stephen Jay Gould
Organized Crime, authors: Michael D. Lyman, Gary W. Potter
Physics of Fully Ionized Gases, authors: Lyman S. Spitzer Jr.
Criminal Investigation: The Art and the Science, authors: Michael D. Lyman
A Collection of Rudyard Kipling's Just So Stories, authors: Rudyard Kipling, Christopher Corr
Collected Stories, authors: Rudyard Kipling
Just So Stories, authors: Rudyard Kipling
If: A Father's Advice to His Son, authors: Rudyard Kipling, Charles R. Smith Jr.
Much Ado about Nothing, authors: William Shakespeare, Jacky Bratton
Much Ado about Nothing, authors: William Shakespeare, Roma Gill
The Waste Land, authors: T.S. Eliot, Michael North
The Annotated Waste Land with Eliot's Contemporary Prose, authors: T.S. Eliot, Lawrence Rainey
The Waste Land and Other Writings, authors: T.S. Eliot, Mary Karr
The Waste Lands (The Dark Tower  #3), authors: Stephen King, Ned Dameron
Timequake, authors: Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Climb the Family Tree  Jesse Bear!, authors: Nancy White Carlstrom, Bruce Degen
What a Scare  Jesse Bear, authors: Nancy White Carlstrom, Bruce Degen
Political Philosophy: A Beginners' Guide for Students and Politicians, authors: Adam Swift
Liberals and Communitarians, authors: Stephen Mulhall, Adam Swift
Political Philosophy: A Beginner's Guide for Students and Politicians, authors: Adam Swift
Seven Men and Two Others, authors: Max Beerbohm
Dakota, authors: Matt Braun
El Paso, authors: Matt Braun
The Visual Arts: A History, authors: Hugh Honour, John Fleming
The Visual Arts: A History  Volume 2, authors: Hugh Honour, John Fleming
The Visual Arts: A History, authors: Hugh Honour, John Fleming
The Brooklyn Bridge (Wonders of the World), authors: Elizabeth Mann, Alan Witschonke
John Adams, authors: John Patrick Diggins, Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
The I Ching or Book of Changes, authors: Richard Wilhelm, Cary F. Baynes, C.G. Jung
The Complete I Ching: The Definitive Translation, authors: Anonymous, Alfred Huang
I Ching: The Book of Change, authors: Anonymous, John Blofeld
The Everyday I Ching, authors: Sarah Dening
Richard Matheson's Hell House  Book 1, authors: Ian Edginton, Simon Fraser
H.G. Wells' The War of the Worlds (Graphic Novel), authors: Ian Edginton, D'Israeli
New Complete Guide to Sewing, authors: Reader's Digest Association
A Reader's Digest Songbook: Remembering Yesterday's Hits, authors: William L. Simon
Complete Guide to the Bible, authors: Reader's Digest Association
焼きたて!!ジャぱん 1, authors: Takashi Hashiguchi, 橋口 たかし
200 Quilt Blocks: To Mix and Match, authors: Davina Thomas
The Girl in the Glass, authors: Jeffrey Ford
Peter and the Starcatchers (Peter and the Starcatchers  #1), authors: Dave Barry, Ridley Pearson, Greg Call
Peter Pan in Scarlet, authors: Geraldine McCaughrean, Scott M. Fischer
It's All Too Much: An Easy Plan for Living a Richer Life with Less Stuff, authors: Peter Walsh
Peter Pan, authors: J.M. Barrie, Michael Hague
The Callahan Chronicals (Callahan's #1-3), authors: Spider Robinson
The Pinhoe Egg  (Chrestomanci  #6), authors: Diana Wynne Jones
The Chronicles of Chrestomanci  Vol. 1 (Chrestomanci  #1-2), authors: Diana Wynne Jones
The Time of the Ghost, authors: Diana Wynne Jones
Whitethorn Woods, authors: Maeve Binchy
The Builders, authors: Maeve Binchy
Dublin 4, authors: Maeve Binchy
Victoria Line  Central Line, authors: Maeve Binchy
Echoes, authors: Maeve Binchy
Firefly Summer, authors: Maeve Binchy
Aches & Pains, authors: Maeve Binchy, Wendy Shea
The Glass Lake, authors: Maeve Binchy
The Copper Beech, authors: Maeve Binchy
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (Bullseye Chillers), authors: Kate McMullan, Paul Van Munching, Glenn Dean, Kate McCullan, Robert Louis Stevenson
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Harry Potter  #1), authors: J.K. Rowling, Mary GrandPré
Code Word Kangaroo (Adam Sharp #6), authors: George E. Stanley, Guy Francis
Operation Spy School (Adam Sharp  #4), authors: George E. Stanley, Guy Francis
The Empty Envelope (A to Z Mysteries  #5), authors: Ron Roy, John Steven Gurney
The School Skeleton (A to Z Mysteries  #19), authors: Ron Roy, John Steven Gurney
Moose Master (Adam Sharp #5), authors: George E. Stanley, Guy Francis
La Biblia de los Critales: Guia definitiva de los cristales (Cuerpo-Mente), authors: Judy Hall
Eva Hesse Drawing, authors: Catherine de Zegher, Elisabeth Sussman
Inferno, authors: Dante Alighieri, Anthony M. Esolen
The Pirates Laffite: The Treacherous World of the Corsairs of the Gulf, authors: William C. Davis
Wither (Wendy Ward  #1), authors: J.G. Passarella
Howl's Moving Castle Film Comic  Vol. 1, authors: Hayao Miyazaki, Diana Wynne Jones
Howl's Moving Castle Picture Book (Howl's Moving Castle Film Comics  #1), authors: Hayao Miyazaki, Diana Wynne Jones
The Theban Plays: Antigone  King Oidipous & Oidipous at Colonus (Focus Classical Library), authors: Sophocles, Ruby Blondell
The Complete Greek Tragedies  Volume 2: Sophocles, authors: Sophocles, David Grene, Richmond Lattimore
Doctor Faustus, authors: Thomas Mann, John E. Woods
Doctor Faustus, authors: Christopher Marlowe, David Wootton
Doctor Faustus, authors: Thomas Mann, T.J. Reed, H.T. Lowe-Porter
The Makioka Sisters, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Edward G. Seidensticker
Many Lives  Many Masters: The True Story of a Prominent Psychiatrist  His Young Patient  and the Past Life Therapy That Changed Both Their Lives, authors: Brian L. Weiss
Quicksand, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Howard Hibbett
Naomi, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Anthony H. Chambers
Seven Japanese Tales, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Howard Hibbett
A Cat  a Man  and Two Women, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Paul McCarthy
The Reed Cutter & Captain Shigemoto's Mother, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Anthony H. Chambers
In Praise of Shadows, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Edward G. Seidensticker, Thomas J. Harper, Charles Moore
Le chat  son maître et ses deux maîtresses, authors: Jun'ichirō Tanizaki
Small Gods (Discworld  #13), authors: Terry Pratchett
Wintersmith (Discworld  #35; Tiffany Aching  #3), authors: Terry Pratchett
Strata, authors: Terry Pratchett
The Bromeliad Trilogy (Omnibus: Truckers / Diggers / Wings), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Color of Magic (Discworld  #1; Rincewind  #1), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Truth (Discworld  #25; Industrial Revolution  #2), authors: Terry Pratchett
A Hat Full of Sky (Discworld  #32; Tiffany Aching  #2), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Last Hero (Discworld #27; Rincewind #7), authors: Terry Pratchett, Paul Kidby
Wyrd Sisters (Discworld  #6; Witches #2), authors: Terry Pratchett
A Tourist Guide to Lancre, authors: Terry Pratchett, Stephen Briggs, Paul Kidby
The Light Fantastic (Discworld  #2; Rincewind #2), authors: Terry Pratchett
Equal Rites (Discworld  #3; Witches  #1), authors: Terry Pratchett
Interesting Times: The Play, authors: Stephen Briggs, Terry Pratchett
Nanny Ogg's Cookbook, authors: Terry Pratchett, Stephen Briggs, Tina Hannan, Paul Kidby
Moving Pictures (Discworld  #10; Industrial Revolution  #1), authors: Terry Pratchett
Darwin's Watch (The Science of Discworld  #3), authors: Terry Pratchett, Ian Stewart, Jack Cohen
Reaper Man (Discworld  #11; Death  #2), authors: Terry Pratchett
Only You Can Save Mankind (Johnny Maxwell  #1), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Flying Sorcerers: More Comic Tales of Fantasy, authors: Peter Haining, Roald Dahl, Terry Pratchett, Angela Carter, Arthur C. Clarke, Kurt Vonnegut Jr., C.S. Lewis, P.G. Wodehouse, Michael Moorcock, L. Sprague de Camp, Fletcher Pratt, Eric Knight, Mervyn Peake, Piers Anthony, John Collier, Fredric Brown, Nelson S. Bond, Thomas M. Disch, Robert Bloch, Stephen Leacock, John Wyndham, Stanisław Lem, Cordwainer Smith, Robert Sheckley, William F. Nolan, Harry Harrison
Where's My Cow? (Discworld  #34.5), authors: Terry Pratchett, Melvyn Grant
Lords and Ladies (Discworld  #14; Witches #4), authors: Terry Pratchett
Guards! Guards! (Discworld  #8), authors: Terry Pratchett
Hogfather (Discworld  #20; Death  #4), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents (Discworld  #28), authors: Terry Pratchett
Rincewind the Wizzard, authors: Terry Pratchett
Going Postal (Discworld  #33), authors: Terry Pratchett
The Last Hero: A Discworld Fable (Discworld  #27), authors: Terry Pratchett, Paul Kidby
Carpe Jugulum (Discworld #23; Witches #6), authors: Terry Pratchett
Truckers (Bromeliad Trilogy  #1), authors: Terry Pratchett
X-Statix  Volume 1: Good Omens, authors: Peter Milligan, Mike Allred, Paul Pope
Elliott Erwitt: Snaps, authors: Murray Sayle, Charles Flowers, Elliott Erwitt
If Chins Could Kill: Confessions of a B Movie Actor, authors: Bruce Campbell
Real Ultimate Power: The Official Ninja Book, authors: Robert  Hamburger
Team Yankee, authors: Harold Coyle
At Sword's Point (Knights of the Blood  #2), authors: Scott MacMillan, Katherine Kurtz
Treasure of Khan (Dirk Pitt  #19), authors: Clive Cussler, Dirk Cussler
The Treasure Principle: Unlocking the Secret of Joyful Giving, authors: Randy Alcorn
Snow Treasure, authors: Marie McSwigan, Mary Reardon
The Damnation Game, authors: Clive Barker
The Damnation Game, authors: Clive Barker
Texas Hold'em for Dummies, authors: Mark Harlan
Soldiers of Destruction: The SS Death's Head Division  1933-1945, authors: Charles W. Sydnor Jr.
Spy Catcher: The Candid Autobiography of a Senior Intelligence Officer, authors: Peter Maurice Wright, Paul Greengrass
Nobody Loves a Centurion (SPQR  #6), authors: John Maddox Roberts
The Centurion's Empire, authors: Sean McMullen
The Centurions (The Centurions  #1), authors: Damion Hunter
The Heights of Courage: A Tank Leader's War on the Golan, authors: Avigdor Kahalani
Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway, authors: Jonathan Parshall, Anthony Tully
Shattered Air: A True Account of Catastrophe and Courage on Yosemite's Half Dome, authors: Bob Madgic, William L. Crary, Adrian Esteban
Shattered Bonds: The Color of Child Welfare, authors: Dorothy Roberts
Shattered Dance, authors: Caitlin Brennan
The Shattered Land (Eberron: The Dreaming Dark  #2), authors: Keith Baker
Koko's Kitten, authors: Francine Patterson, Ronald H. Cohn
13th Directorate, authors: Barry Chubin
The Aviators (Brotherhood of War  #8), authors: W.E.B. Griffin
All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten, authors: Robert Fulghum
Legends  Lies  Cherished Myths of World History, authors: Richard Shenkman
Trevayne, authors: Robert Ludlum
Trevayne, authors: Jonathan Ryder, Robert Ludlum
Red Phoenix, authors: Larry Bond
Boomers  Xers  and Other Strangers: Understanding the Generational Differences that Divide Us, authors: Rick Hicks, Kathy Hicks
The Boomer Bible, authors: R.F. Laird
A Matter of Trust (Justice  #0), authors: Radclyffe
A Matter of Trust: The Case of the Mesmerizing Boss / The Case of the Confirmed Bachelor, authors: Diana Palmer
A Matter Of Trust, authors: Deb Stover
A Matter of Trust, authors: Penny Jordan
Mortal Fear (Mississippi #1), authors: Greg Iles
Mortal Fear, authors: Robin Cook
Murder On The Glitter Box (Steve Allen Mystery #3), authors: Steve Allen
Lonesome Dove, authors: Larry McMurtry
Comanche Moon, authors: Larry McMurtry
Night of the Fox (Dougal Munro and Jack Carter #1), authors: Jack Higgins
Mitla Pass, authors: Leon Uris
The Complete Clive Barker's The Great And Secret Show, authors: Chris Ryall, Gabriel Rodríguez, Clive Barker
The Great And Secret Show (Book of the Art #1), authors: Clive Barker
Star Bright (Star Power  #8), authors: Catherine Hapka
Brown's Star Atlas: Showing All The Bright Stars With Full Instructions How To Find And Use Them For Navigational Purposes And Department Of Trade Examinations., authors: Brown, Son & Ferguson
Bright Star's Promise, authors: Karen A. Bale
Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King Official Strategy Guide, authors: Dan Birlew
The Dragon Reborn (The Wheel of Time  #3), authors: Robert Jordan
My Father's Dragon (My Father's Dragon  #1), authors: Ruth Stiles Gannett
The Book of the Dragon, authors: Ciruelo Cabral
Must Love Dragons (Immortally Sexy  #2), authors: Stephanie Rowe
Player's Handbook II, authors: David Noonan
Here  There Be Dragons (Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica  #1), authors: James A. Owen
The Dragon Doesn't Live Here Anymore: Living Fully  Loving Freely, authors: Alan Cohen
Running with the Demon (Word & Void #1), authors: Terry Brooks
The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara Trilogy (Voyage of the Jerle Shannara  #1-3), authors: Terry Brooks
The Black Unicorn (Magic Kingdom of Landover #2), authors: Terry Brooks
Der Sohn von Shannara, authors: Terry Brooks, Tony Westermayr
First King of Shannara (Shannara Prequel), authors: Terry Brooks
The Best of Lester Del Rey, authors: Lester del Rey, Terry Brooks
The Phantom Menace (Star Wars: Novelizations  #1), authors: Terry Brooks, George Lucas
L'epée de Shannara, authors: Terry Brooks, Rosalie Guillaume
Star Wars. Episode I - Die dunkle Bedrohung, authors: Terry Brooks, George Lucas, Regina Winter
The Deming Management Method, authors: Mary Walton
The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara  #1), authors: Terry Brooks
The Three Musketeers (Classic Starts), authors: Oliver Ho, Jamel Akib, Alexandre Dumas, Arthur Pober
The One Minute Minute Sales Person, authors: Spencer Johnson
JLA  Vol. 14: Trial by Fire, authors: Joe Kelly, Doug Mahnke, Tom Nguyen
Manhunter  Vol. 2: Trial by Fire, authors: Marc Andreyko, Javier Pina, Jesus Saiz, Brad Walker
Trial by Fire (Stargate SG-1  #1), authors: Sabine C. Bauer
Trial By Fire, authors: D.W. Buffa
Trial by Fire (Newpointe 911 #4), authors: Terri Blackstock
Sahara (Dirk Pitt  #11), authors: Clive Cussler
Sahara (Dirk Pitt  #11), authors: Clive Cussler
Africa South of the Sahara: A Geographical Interpretation (Texts In Regional Geography), authors: Robert Stock
Ellora's Cavemen: Dreams of the Oasis Volume II, authors: Sylvia Day, B.J. McCall, Sahara Kelly, Elisa Adams, Denise A. Agnew, Anna J. Evans
Ghosts of Gettysburg III: Spirits  Apparitions  and Haunted Places of the Battlefield, authors: Mark Nesbitt
SeinLanguage, authors: Jerry Seinfeld
Der Richter und sein Henker, authors: Friedrich Dürrenmatt, John J. Neumaier, William Gillis
It Doesn't Take a Hero: The Autobiography of General H. Norman Schwarzkopf, authors: Norman Schwarzkopf, Peter Petre
Battle Cry of Freedom, authors: James M. McPherson
The Straight Dope, authors: Cecil Adams
Return of the Straight Dope, authors: Cecil Adams, Ed Zotti, Slug Signorino
Six Easy Pieces: Essentials of Physics Explained by Its Most Brilliant Teacher (Helix), authors: Richard P. Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, Matthew L. Sands, Paul Davies
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vol 2, authors: Richard P. Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, Matthew L. Sands
Sliding Scales (Pip & Flinx #10), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Star Trek: Logs Seven and Eight (Star Trek: Log  #7-8), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Star Trek: Logs One and Two (Star Trek: Log  #1-2), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Mid-Flinx (Pip & Flinx #7), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Alien, authors: Alan Dean Foster
The Chronicles of Riddick, authors: Alan Dean Foster
With Friends Like These..., authors: Alan Dean Foster
Nor Crystal Tears (Humanx Commonwealth  #9), authors: Alan Dean Foster
The Hour of the Gate (Spellsinger  #2), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Betcha Can't Read Just One, authors: Alan Dean Foster, George Alec Effinger, Jack McDevitt, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Mike Resnick, R.A. Lafferty, Tobias Grace, Laura Resnick, Margaret Ball, Ron Goulart, Mel Gilden, Edward Wellen, Wolfgang Jeschke, Greg Costikyan, Esther M. Friesner, Steve Rasnic Tem
Star Wars: The Approaching Storm, authors: Alan Dean Foster
Chorus Skating (Spellsinger  #8), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Star Trek: Logs Five and Six (Star Trek: Log  #5-6), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Star Trek: Logs 7-10, authors: Alan Dean Foster
The Hand of Dinotopia, authors: Alan Dean Foster, James Gurney
Interlopers, authors: Alan Dean Foster
Alien Nation, authors: Alan Dean Foster
Phylogenesis (Founding of the Commonwealth  #1), authors: Alan Dean Foster
Rashōmon and Seventeen Other Stories, authors: Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Jay Rubin, Haruki Murakami, Yoshihiro Tatsumi
How to Talk to Anyone: 92 Little Tricks for Big Success in Relationships, authors: Leil Lowndes
There Was a Cold Lady Who Swallowed Some Snow!, authors: Lucille Colandro, Jared Lee, Skip Hinnant
The Red Badge of Courage & The Veteran, authors: Stephen Crane, Shelby Foote
The Red Badge of Courage and Four Stories, authors: Stephen Crane, James Dickey
The Red Badge of Courage (Classic Starts), authors: Oliver Ho, Jamel Akib, Arthur Pober, Stephen Crane
New Threads in the Pattern: The Great Hunt  Part 2 (Wheel of Time  #2-2), authors: Robert Jordan, Charles Keegan
Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time  #6), authors: Robert Jordan
Crossroads of Twilight (Wheel of Time  #10), authors: Robert Jordan
Frankenstein (SparkNotes Literature Guide), authors: SparkNotes, Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
Mary Shelley‘s Frankenstein, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Anca Munteanu
Essential Monster of Frankenstein  Vol. 1, authors: Gary Friedrich, Doug Moench, John Buscema, Mike Ploog, Val Mayerick
Frankenstein, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
Frankenstein, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
The Memoirs of Elizabeth Frankenstein, authors: Theodore Roszak
The Essential Frankenstein, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Leonard Wolf, Christopher H. Bing
Father of Frankenstein, authors: Christopher Bram
Frankenstein, authors: Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
The Walrus Was Paul: The Great Beatle Death Clues, authors: R. Gary Patterson, Jay Fox
Harpo Speaks!, authors: Harpo Marx, Rowland Barber
Groucho  Harpo  Chico  and Sometimes Zeppo: A History of the Marx Brothers and a Satire on the Rest of the World, authors: Joe Adamson
Topsail Island: Mayberry by the Sea, authors: Ray McAllister, Vicki McAllister
Take on Me (Secret Lives of Daytime Divas  #1), authors: Sarah Mayberry
All Over You (Secret Lives of Daytime Divas  #2), authors: Sarah Mayberry
The 33 Strategies of War, authors: Robert Greene, Joost Elffers
Jimmy Stewart: A Biography, authors: Marc Eliot
Jimmy Stewart: Bomber Pilot, authors: Starr Smith, Walter Cronkite
Jimmy Stewart: The Truth Behind the Legend, authors: Michael Munn
Dirt (Stone Barrington  #2), authors: Stuart Woods
La Ley del Exito, authors: Paramahansa Yogananda
Incident at Exeter, authors: John G. Fuller
The Body Remembers: The Psychophysiology of Trauma and Trauma Treatment, authors: Babette Rothschild
Remember (Redemption  #2), authors: Karen Kingsbury, Gary Smalley
A Summer to Remember (Bedwyn Prequels  #2), authors: Mary Balogh
Because I Remember Terror  Father  I Remember You, authors: Sue William Silverman
The Last Story (Remember Me  #3), authors: Christopher Pike
A Place Where the Sea Remembers, authors: Sandra Benítez
She Who Remembers (Kwani  #1), authors: Linda Lay Shuler
What the Body Remembers, authors: Shauna Singh Baldwin
Long Gone Lonesome Blues (The Texas Brands  #4), authors: Maggie Shayne
Remember When (Foster Saga  #1), authors: Judith McNaught
A Kiss to Remember (Once Upon a Time  #3), authors: Teresa Medeiros
Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, authors: James Luceno, David West Reynolds, Ryder Windham
Star Wars: The Ultimate Visual Guide, authors: Daniel  Wallace, Ryder Windham
Star Wars Complete Locations, authors: James Luceno, Kerrie Dougherty, Simon Beecroft, Kristin Lund, Hans Jenssen, Richard Chasemore
Lego Star Wars: Prima Official Game Guide, authors: Michael Littlefield
Star Wars: The New Essential Guide to Alien Species, authors: Ann Margaret Lewis, Helen Keier, Chris Trevas, William O'Connor
Star Wars:  The New Essential Chronology, authors: Daniel  Wallace, Mark Chiarello, Tommy Lee Edwards, John Van Fleet
The Swarm War (Star Wars: Dark Nest  #3), authors: Troy Denning
Star Wars: Empire  Volume 7: The Wrong Side of the War, authors: Welles Hartley, Davide Fabbri, Christian Dalla Vecchia
Allegiance (Star Wars), authors: Timothy Zahn
Creating the Worlds of Star Wars: 365 Days, authors: John Knoll, J.W. Rinzler
Star Wars: Clone Wars  Volume 1: The Defense of Kamino and Other Tales, authors: John Ostrander, W. Haden Blackman
The Making of Star Wars (Star Wars:  The Making of  #1), authors: J.W. Rinzler, Peter  Jackson
Star Wars:  The New Essential Guide to Weapons & Technology, authors: W. Haden Blackman
The Star Wars Cookbook II: Darth Malt and More Galactic Recipes, authors: Wesley Martin, Frankie Frankeny
You Can Draw: Star Wars, authors: Bonnie Burton, Matt Busch, Tom Hodges
Star Wars: Empire  Volume 6: In the Shadows of Their Fathers, authors: Thomas Andrews, Scott Allie
Star Wars:  The New Essential Guide to Vehicles & Vessels, authors: W. Haden Blackman, Ian Fullwood
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic  Vol. 1: Commencement (Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic  #1), authors: John Jackson Miller, Travis Charest, Michael Atiyeh, Brian Ching, Travel Foreman
The Star Wars Poster Book, authors: Stephen J. Sansweet, Peter Vilmur
Star Wars: Clone Wars  Volume 9: Endgame, authors: John Ostrander, Welles Hartley, Jan Duursema
Wookiee Cookies: A Star Wars Cookbook, authors: Robin  Davis, Frankie Frankeny
Star Wars:  The New Essential Guide to Characters, authors: Daniel  Wallace, Michael Sutfin
The Star Wars Trilogy, authors: George Lucas, Donald F. Glut, James Kahn
Star Wars Tales  Vol. 1, authors: Dave Land, Peter David, Dave Cooper, Dan Jolley, Doug Wheatley, Tom Fowler, Kilian Plunkett, Sean Phillips, Ryder Windham, John Ostrander, Jan Duursema, Timothy Zahn, Darko Macan, Rich Handley, Igor Kordey, Ron Marz, Rich Hedden, Rick Leonardi, Claudio Castellini, Martin Egeland, Lovern Kindzierski, Chris Brunner, Peet Janes, Jim Woodring
Complete Star Wars Trilogy Scrapbook Re-issue, authors: David Levithan, Ryder Windham, Marc Cotta Vaz
Star Wars: Clone Wars  Volume 6: On the Fields of Battle, authors: John Ostrander, Jan Duursema
Star Wars: Clone Wars  Volume 8: The Last Siege  the Final Truth, authors: John Ostrander, Jan Duursema, Dan Parsons
Star by Star (Star Wars: The New Jedi Order  #9), authors: Troy Denning
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith: The Visual Dictionary, authors: James Luceno, John Goodson, Robert E. Barnes
The Wildlife of Star Wars, authors: Terryl Whitlatch, Bob Carrau
The Dharma of Star Wars, authors: Matthew Bortolin
Star Wars: Rebellion  Vol. 1: My Brother  My Enemy, authors: Rob Williams, Michel Lacombe
Star Wars: Empire  Volume 1: Betrayal, authors: Scott Allie, Ryan Benjamin, Curtis Arnold
Revenge of the Sith (Star Wars: Novelizations  #3), authors: Matthew Woodring Stover, George Lucas
Star Wars:  Revenge of the Sith Incredible Cross-Sections, authors: Curtis Saxton, Hans Jenssen, Richard Chasemore
Star Wars: Clone Wars Adventures  Volume 6, authors: W. Haden Blackman, Matt Fillbach, Shawn Fillbach, Ronda Pattison, Mike Kennedy, Stewart McKenney, Rick Lacy, Dan Jackson, Michael David Thomas, Joshua Elliott
Star Wars: Empire  Volume 5: Allies and Adversaries, authors: Ron Marz, Jeremy Barlow, Brandon Badeaux
Yoda: Dark Rendezvous, authors: Sean Stewart
Not a Genuine Black Man: Or  How I Claimed My Piece of Ground in the Lily-White Suburbs, authors: Brian Copeland
Black Man of the Nile and His Family, authors: Yosef A.A. Ben-Jochannan
Black Elk Speaks: Being the Life Story of a Holy Man of the Oglala Sioux, authors: Black Elk, John G. Neihardt
Ring of Fire (Ring of Fire Anthology  #1), authors: Eric Flint, David Weber, Mercedes Lackey, Dave Freer, Andrew Dennis, Virginia DeMarce, Loren K. Jones, S.L. Viehl, Anette M. Pedersen, Jonathan Cresswell, Scott Washburn, Deann Allen, Mike Turner, Greg Donahue, Walt Boyes, Jody Dorsett, K.D. Wentworth
1635: The Cannon Law (Assiti Shards  #8), authors: Eric Flint, Andrew Dennis
Five Rings of Fire (Able Team  #11), authors: Tom Arnett, Dick Stivers, Don Pendleton
Cash, authors: Johnny Cash, Patrick   Carr
Johnny Cash, authors: Michael Streissguth
Controversy Creates Cash, authors: Eric Bischoff, Jeremy Roberts
Side Effects, authors: Amy Goldman Koss
Myths of Light: Eastern Metaphors of the Eternal (Collected Work), authors: Joseph Campbell, David Kudler
The Inner Reaches of Outer Space: Metaphor as Myth and as Religion (Collected Worksl), authors: Joseph Campbell
The Power of Myth, authors: Joseph Campbell, Bill Moyers
The Beatles: The Biography, authors: Bob Spitz
Here  There and Everywhere: My Life Recording the Music of the Beatles, authors: Geoff Emerick, Howard Massey, Elvis Costello
The Beatles: 365 Days, authors: Simon Wells
A Hard Day's Write: The Stories Behind Every Beatles Song, authors: Steve Turner
Shout! The Beatles in Their Generation, authors: Philip Norman
The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics, authors: Alan Aldridge, The Beatles
The Beatles' Story on Capitol Records  Part Two: The Albums, authors: Bruce Spizer
The Rough Guide to The Beatles, authors: Chris Ingham
The Beatles Complete - Updated Edition, authors: The Beatles
The Love You Make: An Insider's Story of the Beatles, authors: Peter     Brown, Steven Gaines, Anthony DeCurtis
Magic Circles: The Beatles in Dream and History, authors: Devin McKinney
A Day in the Life: The Music and Artistry of the Beatles, authors: Mark Hertsgaard
Complete Beatles Chronicle  The, authors: Mark Lewisohn, Peter  Guzzardi
The Beatles Diary  Vol 1: From Liverpool to London (Falk Symposium), authors: Keith Badman, Keith Badman
Two of Us: The Story of a Father  a Son  and the Beatles, authors: Peter J. Smith
A Hard Day's Write: The Stories Behind Every Beatles Song, authors: Steve Turner
The Beatles, authors: Hunter Davies
Complete Idiot's Guide to The Beatles, authors: Richard Buskin, Allan Kozinn
Beatles: Every Little Thing, authors: Maxwell Mackenzie
Margot Fonteyn, authors: Meredith Daneman
A General Theory of Love, authors: Thomas Lewis, Fari Amini, Richard Lannon
Mad Cowboy: Plain Truth from the Cattle Rancher Who Won't Eat Meat, authors: Howard F. Lyman, Glen Merzer
The Life You Were Born to Live, authors: Dan Millman
Lover Eternal (Black Dagger Brotherhood  #2), authors: J.R. Ward
The Silmarillion  Volume 3, authors: J.R.R. Tolkien, Martin Shaw
Sodom and Gomorrah (In Search of Lost Time  #4), authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Terence Kilmartin, D.J. Enright
Swanns Way (In Search of Lost Time #1), authors: Marcel Proust
Missing Persons and Mistaken Identities: Women and Gender in Ancient Israel, authors: Phyllis A. Bird
Mistaken Identity, authors: Nayantara Sahgal
The Skeptic's Dictionary: A Collection of Strange Beliefs  Amusing Deceptions  and Dangerous Delusions, authors: Robert Todd Carroll
The Bush Dyslexicon: Observations on a National Disorder, authors: Mark Crispin Miller
Extraordinary Popular Delusions & the Madness of Crowds (Great Minds), authors: Charles Mackay
Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds/Confusión de Confusiones (Marketplace Book), authors: Martin S. Fridson, Charles Mackay, Joseph de La Vega
The Crowd/Extraordinary Popular Delusions & the Madness of Crowds, authors: Gustave Le Bon, Charles Mackay
The Capture (Guardians of Ga'Hoole  #1), authors: Kathryn Lasky
The Journey (Guardians of Ga'Hoole  #2), authors: Kathryn Lasky
The Rescue (Guardians of Ga'Hoole  #3), authors: Kathryn Lasky
The Night Journey, authors: Kathryn Lasky
The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke, authors: Arthur C. Clarke
Sunstorm (A Time Odyssey  #2), authors: Arthur C. Clarke, Stephen Baxter
Lair of the White Worm, authors: Bram Stoker
Best Ghost and Horror Stories, authors: Bram Stoker, Richard Dalby
The Blonde on the Street Corner, authors: David Goodis
Of Tender Sin, authors: David Goodis, Adrian Wootton
The Moon in the Gutter, authors: David Goodis, Adrian Wootton
Dear Peter Rabbit, authors: Alma Flor Ada, Leslie Tryon
The Chocolate-Covered Contest (Nancy Drew  #151), authors: Carolyn Keene
Ghost Stories (Nancy Drew), authors: Carolyn Keene
The Humor of the American Cowboy, authors: Stan Hoig, Nick Eggenhofer
Ghost in the Shell (Ghost in the Shell  #1), authors: Masamune Shirow
Ghost in the Shell, authors: Masamune Shirow
Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence: After The Long Goodbye, authors: Masaki Yamada, Yuji Oniki, Carl Gustav Horn, Daigo Shinma, Keita Saeki, Mamoru Oshii, Shinji Maki
At the Edge (Psychic Triplet Trilogy  #1), authors: Cait London
Tallchief: The Hunter (The Tallchiefs #9), authors: Cait London
With Her Last Breath, authors: Cait London
Tallchief For Keeps (The Tallchiefs #3), authors: Cait London
The Sgt. Rock Archives  Vol. 3, authors: Robert Kanigher, Joe Kubert, Russ Heath, Mark Chiarello, Jerry Grandinetti, Irv Novack
The Sgt. Rock Archives  Vol. 1, authors: Robert Kanigher, Bob Haney, Joe Kubert, Jerry Grandinetti
Sgt. Rock: The Prophecy, authors: Joe Kubert
Sgt. Frog  Vol. 13 (Sgt. Frog  #13), authors: Mine Yoshizaki
The Elements of Style, authors: William Strunk Jr., E.B. White
On Basilisk Station (Honor Harrington  #1), authors: David Weber
The Lure of the Basilisk (The Lords of Dûs  #1), authors: Lawrence Watt-Evans
Love Smart: Find the One You Want--Fix the One You Got, authors: Phillip C. McGraw
Love Smart: Find the One You Want--Fix the One You Got, authors: Phillip C. McGraw
Smart Love, authors: Martha Heineman Pieper, William J. Pieper
Sagwa  the Chinese Siamese Cat, authors: Amy Tan, Gretchen Schields
The Bonesetter's Daughter, authors: Amy Tan
The Opposite of Fate, authors: Amy Tan
Bonesetter's Daughter, authors: Amy Tan, Joan Chen
The Horizontal World: Growing Up Wild in the Middle of Nowhere, authors: Debra Marquart
Horizontal Gene Transfer, authors: Michael Syvanen, Clarence I. Kado
The Greek Islands, authors: Lawrence Durrell
The Avignon Quintet: Monsieur  Livia  Constance  Sebastian and Quinx, authors: Lawrence Durrell
Through the Dark Labyrinth: A Biography of Lawrence Durrell, authors: Gordon Bowker
Clear Light of Day, authors: Anita Desai
In Custody, authors: Anita Desai
Baumgartner's Bombay, authors: Anita Desai
Tim Burton: Interviews, authors: Kristian Fraga
Mysteries, authors: Colin Wilson
The Occult: A History, authors: Colin Wilson
Exemplary Novels IV: Lady Cornelia  the Deceitful Marriage  the Dialogue of the Dogs, authors: Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, John Macklin
In the Royal Manner : Expert Advice on Etiquette and Entertaining from the Former Butler to Diana  Princess of Wales, authors: Paul Burrell
Because the Night (Lloyd Hopkins  #2), authors: James Ellroy
Crime Wave: Reportage and Fiction from the Underside of L.A., authors: James Ellroy, Art Cooper
Suicide Hill (Lloyd Hopkins  #3), authors: James Ellroy
American Tabloid (Underworld USA #1), authors: James Ellroy
Your Cheatin' Heart, authors: Nancy Bartholomew
First Things First, authors: Stephen R. Covey, A. Roger Merrill, Rebecca R. Merrill
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change, authors: Stephen R. Covey, Jim Collins
The Speed of Trust: The One Thing that Changes Everything, authors: Stephen M.R. Covey
Everything Bad is Good for You, authors: Steven Johnson
The Ghost Map: The Story of London's Most Terrifying Epidemic—and How It Changed Science  Cities  and the Modern World, authors: Steven Johnson
The Fountains of Paradise, authors: Arthur C. Clarke
Bad Dreams, authors: Kim Newman
Strawberry Days: How Internment Destroyed a Japanese American Community, authors: David Neiwert
The Price of Glory (Saga of the Gray Death Legion  #3), authors: William H. Keith Jr.
Feast of Souls (The Magister Trilogy  #1), authors: C.S. Friedman
In Conquest Born (In Conquest Born  #1), authors: C.S. Friedman
Black Sun Rising (The Coldfire Trilogy  #1), authors: C.S. Friedman
Crown of Shadows (The Coldfire Trilogy  #3), authors: C.S. Friedman
The Madness Season, authors: C.S. Friedman
This Alien Shore, authors: C.S. Friedman
Whirlpool, authors: Elizabeth Lowell, Ann Maxwell
Reckless Love (MacKenzie-Blackthorn #1), authors: Elizabeth Lowell
Warrior (MacKenzie-Blackthorn #5), authors: Elizabeth Lowell
Only Mine (Only Series  #2), authors: Elizabeth Lowell
The Secret Sister, authors: Ann Maxwell, Elizabeth Lowell
Tell Me No Lies, authors: Elizabeth Lowell
Sweet Rosie O'Grady, authors: Joan Jonker
Fergus and the Night-Demon, authors: Jim  Murphy, John Manders
The Secret on Ararat (Babylon Rising  #2), authors: Tim LaHaye, Bob Phillips
Avalon, authors: Anya Seton, Philippa Gregory
The Winthrop Woman, authors: Anya Seton, Philippa Gregory
The Hearth and Eagle, authors: Anya Seton
Media Unlimited: How the Torrent of Images & Sounds Overwhelms Our Lives, authors: Todd Gitlin
The Whole World is Watching: Mass Media in the Making and Unmaking of the New Left with a New Preface, authors: Todd Gitlin
The Sixties: Years of Hope  Days of Rage, authors: Todd Gitlin
The Intellectuals and the Flag, authors: Todd Gitlin
The Whole World Is Watching: Mass Media in the Making & Unmaking of the New Left, authors: Todd Gitlin
Magical Creatures (Easy To Read! Easy To Draw!), authors: Joan Holub, Dana Regan
The Pizza That We Made, authors: Joan Holub, Lynne Avril Cravath
'Salem's Lot, authors: Stephen King
The Portable Edgar Allan Poe, authors: Edgar Allan Poe, J. Gerald Kennedy
Great Short Works, authors: Edgar Allan Poe, Gary Richard Thompson
Tales, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, Peter Straub
Tales of H.P. Lovecraft, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, Joyce Carol Oates
The Best of H.P. Lovecraft: Bloodcurdling Tales of Horror and the Macabre, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, August Derleth, Robert Bloch
The Doom That Came to Sarnath and Other Stories, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, Lin Carter
The Transition of H. P. Lovecraft: The Road to Madness, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, Barbara Hambly
The Art of H.P. Lovecraft's the Cthulhu Mythos, authors: Pat Harrigan, Brian  Wood, Jeremy McHugh
The Dream Cycle of H.P. Lovecraft: Dreams of Terror and Death, authors: H.P. Lovecraft, E. Hoffmann Price, Neil Gaiman
Loving Will Shakespeare, authors: Carolyn Meyer
Doomed Queen Anne (Young Royals  #3), authors: Carolyn Meyer
Patience  Princess Catherine (Young Royals  #4), authors: Carolyn Meyer
Marie  Dancing, authors: Carolyn Meyer
Isabel: Princesa De Castilla  España  1466, authors: Carolyn Meyer, Carme Camps Monf
Monte Cook Presents The Year's Best D20 (Volume One), authors: Monte Cook
1848: The Revolution of the Intellectuals, authors: Lewis B. Namier, James Joll
Suddenly Daddy (Suddenly #1), authors: Loree Lough
Great Short Stories by American Women, authors: Candace Ward
Children's Christmas Stories and Poems: In Easy-to-Read Type, authors: Bob Blaisdell, Pat Ronson Stewart
The Governess; or  The Little Female Academy, authors: Sarah Fielding, Candace Ward
The Star-Spangled Banner (Symbols of America), authors: Debra Hess
The Liberty Bell (Symbols of America), authors: Debra Hess
The Statue of Liberty (Symbols of America), authors: Debra Hess
The White House (Symbols of America), authors: Debra Hess
The American Flag (Symbols of America), authors: Debra Hess
Touched with Fire: Manic-Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament, authors: Kay Redfield Jamison
Manic-Depressive Illness: Bipolar Disorders and Recurrent Depression, authors: Frederick K. Goodwin, Kay Redfield Jamison
The Bone Yard, authors: Paul J. Mikol, Dean Koontz, F. Paul Wilson, Sheri S. Tepper, Ray Garton
Dracula Was a Woman: In Search of the Blood Countess of Transylvania, authors: Raymond T. McNally
Proof of Concept, authors: Larry Young, Damian Couceiro, Kieron Dwyer
Wonderful Life: The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History, authors: Stephen Jay Gould
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes: Law and the Inner Self, authors: G. Edward White
Oliver Wendell Holmes in Paris: Medicine  Theology  and the Autocrat of the Breakfast Table, authors: William C. Dowling
Evermore, authors: James Robert Smith, Stephen Mark Rainey, Joel Lane, Gary Fry, John Morressy, Kealan Patrick Burke, Manly Wade Wellman, Fred Chappell, Charlee Jacob, F. Gwynplaine MacIntyre, Steve Rasnic Tem, Thomas F. Monteleone, Rick Hautala, Melanie Tem, Trey R. Baker, Ken Goldman, Vincent Starrett, Tom Piccirilli
The Azathoth Cycle: Tales of the Blind Idiot God, authors: Robert M. Price, Edward Pickman Derby, Peter Cannon, Stephen Mark Rainey, Lin Carter, Henry Kuttner, Ramsey Campbell, Thomas Ligotti, Richard L. Tierney, Gary    Myers, Donald R. Burleson, C.J. Henderson, Stephen Studach, John Glasby, Allen Mackey
Rethinking the Economics of War: The Intersection of Need  Creed  and Greed, authors: Cynthia J. Arnson, I. William Zartman
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass: An American Slave  Written by Himself, authors: Frederick Douglass, David W. Blight
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass: An American Slave, authors: Frederick Douglass, Gregory Stephens, Peter J. Gomes
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass: An American Slave  Written by Himself, authors: Frederick Douglass
Autobiographies: Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass / My Bondage and My Freedom / Life and Times of Frederick Douglass, authors: Frederick Douglass, Henry Louis Gates Jr.
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass  an American Slave / Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl, authors: Frederick Douglass, Harriet Ann Jacobs, Kwame Anthony Appiah
Antes que anochezca, authors: Reinaldo Arenas
Hallucinations: or  The Ill-Fated Peregrinations of Fray Servando, authors: Reinaldo Arenas, Andrew Hurley, Thomas Colchie
The Assault, authors: Reinaldo Arenas, Andrew Hurley, Thomas Colchie
Cold As Ice (Ice  #2), authors: Anne Stuart
Shadow Lover, authors: Anne Stuart
Ice Blue (Ice  #3), authors: Anne Stuart
The Devil's Waltz, authors: Anne Stuart
Shadows At Sunset, authors: Anne Stuart
To Love a Dark Lord, authors: Anne Stuart
Ritual Sins, authors: Anne Stuart
Prince of Magic, authors: Anne Stuart
Bound for Oregon, authors: Jean Van Leeuwen, James Watling, R.W. Alley
Oliver and Albert  Friends Forever (Easy-to-Read  Puffin), authors: Jean Van Leeuwen, Ann Schweninger
Midnight Brunch (Casa Dracula  #2), authors: Marta Acosta
Midnight Is a Place, authors: Joan Aiken
Black Hearts in Battersea (The Wolves Chronicles  #2), authors: Joan Aiken, Edward Gorey
A Small Pinch of Weather, authors: Joan Aiken
The Cuckoo Tree (The Wolves Chronicles  #6), authors: Joan Aiken
Nightbirds on Nantucket (The Wolves Chronicles  #3), authors: Joan Aiken
Seminole Song, authors: Vella Munn
Mary Engelbreit's Home Companion, authors: Charlotte Lyons, Mary Engelbreit, Barbara E. Martin
Mary Engelbreit's Mother Goose: One Hundred Best-Loved Verses, authors: Mary Engelbreit, Leonard S. Marcus
Save the Date: A Spirituality of Dating  Love  Dinner  and the Divine, authors: Jason King
Killing the Imposter God: Philip Pullman's Spiritual Imagination in His Dark Materials, authors: Donna Freitas, Jason Edward King
Teaching the World's Children: ESL for Ages Three to Seven (The Pippin Teacher's Library), authors: Mary Ashworth, H. Patricia Wakefield
Seven Miles a Second, authors: David Wojnarowicz, James Romberger, Marguerite Van Cook
Drop The Rock: Removing Character Defects - Steps Six and Seven, authors: Bill Pittman, Todd W. Hall, Sara S., Todd W.
The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations, authors: Elizabeth Knowles
Liberty Before Liberalism, authors: Quentin Skinner
The Return of Grand Theory in the Human Sciences, authors: Quentin Skinner
Symptomatic, authors: Danzy Senna
Tales of Magick: Dark Adventure, authors: Phil Brucato, Aaron Rosenberg
Doctor Tandy's First Guide to Life Extension and Transhumanity, authors: Charles Tandy, Raël, William Faloon, R. Michael Perry, Robin Hanson, Nick Bostrom, Robert A. Freitas Jr., Christopher J. Phoenix, Avatar Polymorph, Jim Yount
Tyrannosaurus Wrecks (Stanley  #1), authors: Laura Driscoll, Alisa Klayman-Grodsky, Eric     Weiner
Bailando al rescate (Dora La Exploradora), authors: Dave Aikins, Laura Driscoll
Richard Kern  Action, authors: Richard Kern, Dian Hanson
On Film (Thinking in Action), authors: Stephen Mulhall
Warren G. Harding (The American Presidents  #29), authors: John W. Dean, Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
Prince of the City, authors: Keith Herber
Spawn of Azathoth: Herald of the End of Time (Call of Cthulhu RPG), authors: Keith Herber
Random House Crossword Mega Omnibus  Volume 1, authors: United Feature Syndication
Chester, authors: Syd Hoff
Stanley, authors: Syd Hoff
Grizzwold, authors: Syd Hoff
Captain Cat, authors: Syd Hoff
Once Upon a Gulf Coast Summer, authors: Susan    Oliver
Margaret Atwood's Power: Mirrors  Reflections and Images in Select Fiction and Poetry, authors: Shannon Hengen
The Bears on Hemlock Mountain, authors: Alice Dalgliesh, Helen Sewell
Hoodwinked, authors: Quentin Carter
The Risk of Darkness (Simon Serrailler  #3), authors: Susan Hill
The Pure in Heart (Simon Serrailler  #2), authors: Susan Hill
The Woman in Black, authors: Susan Hill, John Lawrence
The Pure in Heart (Simon Serrailler  #2), authors: Susan Hill
The Various Haunts of Men (Simon Serrailler #1), authors: Susan Hill
Septem Quae Supersunt Tragoediae, authors: Aeschylus, Denys L. Page
鋼の錬金術師 1 [Hagane no Renkinjutsushi 1] (Fullmetal Alchemist  #1), authors: Hiromu Arakawa
鋼の錬金術師 4 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #4), authors: Hiromu Arakawa
鋼の錬金術師 5 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #5), authors: Hiromu Arakawa
鋼の錬金術師 3 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #3), authors: Hiromu Arakawa
鋼の錬金術師 8 (Fullmetal Alchemist 8), authors: Hiromu Arakawa
Love's Executioner  And Other Tales Of Psychotherapy, authors: Irvin D. Yalom
The Brothers Karamazov, authors: Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Thomas R. Beyer Jr., Simon Vance
Old Filth (Old Filth  #1), authors: Jane Gardam
Filth, authors: Irvine Welsh
The Gospel of Filth: A Bible of Decadence & Darkness, authors: Gavin Baddeley, Dani Filth
Divine Filth: Lost Writings (Modern Classics), authors: Georges Bataille
Filth: Dirt  Disgust  and Modern Life, authors: William A. Cohen
Pink Flamingos and Other Filth: Three Screenplays, authors: John Waters
Let It Be Love (Effingtons  #11), authors: Victoria Alexander
The Marriage Lesson (Effingtons  #3), authors: Victoria Alexander
When We Meet Again (Effingtons  #10), authors: Victoria Alexander
Her Highness  My Wife (Effingtons  #5), authors: Victoria Alexander
Love With the Proper Husband (Effingtons  #6), authors: Victoria Alexander
The Lady in Question (Effingtons  #7), authors: Victoria Alexander
Going on Being: Buddhism and the Way of Change, authors: Mark Epstein
A New History of Early English Drama, authors: John D. Cox, David Scott Kastan, Stephen Greenblatt
The Shell Seekers, authors: Rosamunde Pilcher
Cat's Cradle (Cat  #1), authors: William W. Johnstone
Five Patients, authors: Michael Crichton
Undertaker of the Mind: John Monro and Mad-Doctoring in Eighteenth-Century England, authors: Jonathan  Andrews, Andrew Scull
Consider the Lilies, authors: Iain Crichton Smith, Isobel Murray
The Admirable Crichton, authors: J.M. Barrie
The Delta Star, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
Finnegan's Week, authors: Joseph Wambaugh
The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane, authors: Kate DiCamillo, Bagram Ibatoulline
The Tiger Rising, authors: Kate DiCamillo
Mercy Watson Goes for a Ride, authors: Kate DiCamillo, Chris Van Dusen
The Tale of Despereaux, authors: Kate DiCamillo, Timothy Basil Ering
Mercy Watson to the Rescue, authors: Kate DiCamillo, Chris Van Dusen
Mercy Watson: Princess in Disguise, authors: Kate DiCamillo, Chris Van Dusen
The Mill on the Floss, authors: George Eliot
Culture Shock! Laos (Culture Shock!), authors: Stephen  Mansfield
The Cambridge Companion to Plotinus, authors: Lloyd P. Gerson
In the Land of the Lawn Weenies and Other Warped and Creepy Tales (Weenies series  #1), authors: David Lubar
Hidden Talents (Talents  #1), authors: David Lubar
Dunk, authors: David Lubar
Carnet de Voyage, authors: Craig Thompson
Dark Horse Deluxe Journal: Craig Thompson's Angels and Demons, authors: Craig Thompson
Good-Bye  Chunky Rice, authors: Craig Thompson
Adieu  Chunky Rice, authors: Craig Thompson
Balanchine: A Biography, authors: Bernard Taper
A Scandalous Life: The Biography of Jane Digby, authors: Mary S. Lovell
The Splendid Outcast: Beryl Markham's African Stories, authors: Beryl Markham, Mary S. Lovell
Eyes of Prey (Lucas Davenport  #3), authors: John Sandford
Sharpe's Prey (Sharpe  #5), authors: Bernard Cornwell
Broken Prey (Lucas Davenport  #16), authors: John Sandford
Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport  #1), authors: John Sandford
Certain Prey (Lucas Davenport  #10), authors: John Sandford
Winter Prey (Lucas Davenport  #5), authors: John Sandford
Destiny's Daughters, authors: Gwynne Forster, Donna Hill, Parry A. Brown
Fragments, authors: Jean Baudrillard, Emily Agar
The Consumer Society: Myths and Structures, authors: Jean Baudrillard, Chris     Turner, George Ritzer
The Vital Illusion, authors: Jean Baudrillard, Julia Witwer
Hijos de la medianoche, authors: Salman Rushdie, Miguel Sáenz
Wicked Ties (Wicked Lovers  #1), authors: Shayla Black
On a Wicked Dawn (Cynster  #9), authors: Stephanie Laurens
The Wicked (Vampire Huntress  #8), authors: L.A. Banks
Wicked Sacrifice (Bound Hearts  #4-5), authors: Lora Leigh
My Wicked Pirate, authors: Rona Sharon
Wicked Dreams, authors: Kingdome 19
If I Have a Wicked Stepmother  Where's My Prince?, authors: Melissa Kantor
A Couple of April Fools (The Hamlet Chronicles #6), authors: Gregory Maguire, Elaine Clayton
The Good Liar, authors: Gregory Maguire
Seven Spiders Spinning (The Hamlet Chronicles  #1), authors: Gregory Maguire, Dirk Zimmer
Three Rotten Eggs (The Hamlet Chronicles  #5), authors: Gregory Maguire, Elaine Clayton
Das Tulpenhaus oder Bekenntnisse einer häßlichen Stiefschwester, authors: Gregory Maguire, Mechtild Sandberg-Ciletti
On the Night You Were Born, authors: Nancy Tillman
The Night at the Museum, authors: Milan Trenc
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter, authors: Carson McCullers
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter, authors: Carson McCullers, Kasia Boddy
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie / The Girls of Slender Means / The Driver's Seat / The Only Problem, authors: Muriel Spark
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie / The Girls of Slender Means / The Driver's Seat / The Only Problem, authors: Muriel Spark
The Pat Hobby Stories, authors: F. Scott Fitzgerald, Arnold Gingrich
The Pursuit of the Well-Beloved & The Well-Beloved, authors: Thomas Hardy, Patricia Ingham
Playing in the Dark: Whiteness and the Literary Imagination, authors: Toni Morrison
The Big Box, authors: Toni Morrison, Slade Morrison
Their Eyes Were Watching God, authors: Zora Neale Hurston
Grasping God's Word: A Hands-On Approach to Reading  Interpreting  and Applying the Bible, authors: J. Scott Duvall, J. Daniel Hays
The Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway, authors: Ernest Hemingway
Little Big Book for God's Children, authors: Alice Wong, Lena Tabori
Little Children, authors: Tom Perrotta
Dale Loves Sophie to Death, authors: Robb Forman Dew
The Secret Life of Bees, authors: Sue Monk Kidd
Hokkaido Highway Blues: Hitchhiking Japan, authors: Will Ferguson
The Martian Chronicles, authors: Ray Bradbury, Ian  Miller
You Know You Love Me (Gossip Girl  #2), authors: Cecily von Ziegesar
Classroom Interactions as Cross-Cultural Encounters: Native Speakers in EFL Lessons, authors: Jasmine C.M. Luk, Angel M.Y. Lin
Them: Adventures with Extremists, authors: Jon Ronson
Why I Hate Canadians, authors: Will Ferguson
Happiness, authors: Will Ferguson
Discovering God's Will, authors: Sinclair B. Ferguson
The Truth of the Matter, authors: Robb Forman Dew
Spinoza: A Life, authors: Steven Nadler
Organizational Architecture: Designs for Changing Organizations, authors: David A. Nadler, Robert B. Shaw, Marc S. Gerstein
Henry V, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine, Michael Neill
Erotism: Death and Sensuality, authors: Georges Bataille, Mary Dalwood
The Weimar Republic: The Crisis of Classical Modernity, authors: Detlev J.K. Peukert, Richard Deveson
Adam and Eve and Pinch Me, authors: Ruth Rendell
A Pinch of Snuff (Dalziel & Pascoe  #5), authors: Reginald Hill
Egyptian Myth: A Very Short Introduction, authors: Geraldine Pinch
A Pinch of Poison (Hemlock Falls Mysteries  #3), authors: Claudia Bishop
Persuasion, authors: Jane Austen
Beyond Seduction (Beyond Duet  #2), authors: Emma Holly
Sense and Sensibility, authors: Jane Austen, Claire Lamont, James Kinsley
Sense and Sensibility, authors: Jane Austen, Claire Lamont, Ros Ballaster
Sense and Sensibility, authors: Jane Austen, Laura Engel
Sense and Sensibility, authors: Jane Austen, Laura Engel
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (SparkNotes Literature Guide), authors: SparkNotes, Ken Kesey
A Different Mirror: A History of Multicultural America, authors: Ronald Takaki
Trapped in the Mirror: Adult Children of Narcissists in Their Struggle for Self, authors: Elan Golomb
The Buddha in Your Mirror: Practical Buddhism and the Search for Self, authors: Woody Hochswender, Greg Martin, Ted Morino
A Distant Mirror: The Calamitous 14th Century, authors: Barbara W. Tuchman
They Do It With Mirrors, authors: Agatha Christie, Rosemary Leach
The Lemon Table, authors: Julian Barnes
The Criminal Mastermind Collection  Bks 1-3 (Artemis Fowl  #1-3), authors: Eoin Colfer
Encuentro en el Ártico (Artemis Fowl  #2), authors: Eoin Colfer
The Eternity Code (Artemis Fowl  #3), authors: Eoin Colfer
El cubo B (Artemis Fowl  #3), authors: Eoin Colfer, Ana Alcaina
The Eternity Code (Artemis Fowl  #3), authors: Eoin Colfer
Forget Me Not: Photography and Remembrance, authors: Geoffrey Batchen
Monsoon Summer, authors: Mitali Perkins
Warlock (Ancient Egypt  #3), authors: Wilbur Smith
Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign 1941-1945, authors: Evan Thomas
Gift from the Sea, authors: Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Wide Sargasso Sea: A Reader's Guide to Essential Criticism, authors: Carl Plasa
The Good Housekeeping Illustrated Cookbook, authors: Good Housekeeping, Zoe Coulson
Evelina, authors: Frances Burney, Edward A. Bloom
Dancing On Air, authors: Frances Oliver
Holding On to the Air, authors: Suzanne Farrell, Toni Bentley
The Turtle (The Lighthouse Family  #4), authors: Cynthia Rylant, Preston McDaniels
The Body in the Lighthouse, authors: Katherine Hall Page
American Tragedy: Kennedy  Johnson  and the Origins of the Vietnam War, authors: David E. Kaiser
The Sun Also Rises, authors: Ernest Hemingway
The Call of the Wild, authors: Jack London, Wendell Minor
The Call of the Wild, authors: Jack London, Gary Paulsen
The Call of the Wild and Three Other Klondike Stories, authors: Jack London, Roger Dressler
The Call of the Wild and Selected Stories: 100th Anniversary Ed., authors: Jack London, Alex Kershaw
Fahrenheit 451, authors: Ray Bradbury, Alfredo Crespo
The Lion  the Witch and the Wardrobe (Chronicles of Narnia  #1), authors: Hiawyn Oram, C.S. Lewis, Tudor Humphries
The Lion  the Witch and the Wardrobe (Chronicles of Narnia #2), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes
The Lion  the Witch and the Wardrobe (Narnia), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes
New Moon (Moon #6), authors: Rebecca York
Health: The Basics (Donatelle Series), authors: Rebecca J. Donatelle
Cliffsnotes on Eliot's Middlemarch, authors: Brian Johnston, George Eliot, CliffsNotes
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, authors: Lewis Carroll, Richard  Kelly
Anne of the Island and Tales of Avonlea, authors: L.M. Montgomery
A Christmas Carol and The Night Before Christmas, authors: Charles Dickens, Clement C. Moore, Arthur Rackham
In Search of Dracula: The History of Dracula and Vampires, authors: Raymond T. McNally, Radu Florescu
The Annotated Charlotte's Web, authors: E.B. White, Garth Williams, Peter F. Neumeyer
Just as Long as We're Together, authors: Judy Blume
Wifey / Smart Women, authors: Judy Blume
Forever..., authors: Judy Blume
Fudge-a-Mania (Fudge  #4), authors: Judy Blume
Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing (Fudge  #1), authors: Judy Blume
Forever . . ., authors: Judy Blume
Wifey, authors: Judy Blume
Everything I Needed to Know about Being a Girl I Learned from Judy Blume, authors: Jennifer O'Connell, Meg Cabot, Megan McCafferty, Melissa Senate, Diana Peterfreund, Stephanie Lessing, Laura Ruby, Erica Orloff, Stacey Ballis, Julie Kenner, Kristin Harmel, Jennifer Coburn, Elise Juska, Kyra Davis, Beth Kendrick, Berta Platas, Lynda Curnyn, Kayla Perrin, Cara Lockwood, Alison Pace, Megan Crane, Lara Deloza, Laura Caldwell, Shanna Swendson
BFF*: Just As Long As We're Together / Here's to You  Rachel Robinson (*Best Friends Forever), authors: Judy Blume
Yosemite: Its Discovery  Its Wonder and Its People, authors: Margaret Sanborn
A Man of the People, authors: Chinua Achebe
Collected Poems, authors: Chinua Achebe
Arrow of God (The African Trilogy  #3), authors: Chinua Achebe
Anatomy of a Boyfriend (Anatomy  #1), authors: Daria Snadowsky
Lithium for Medea, authors: Kate Braverman, Rick Moody
Die Leiden des Jungen Werther, authors: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, R. Paulin
The Odyssey, authors: Homer, George Herbert Palmer
Caesar's Commentaries: On the Gallic War & On the Civil War, authors: Gaius Julius Caesar, James H. Ford, W.A. McDevitte
The Conquest of Gaul, authors: Gaius Julius Caesar, F.P. Long, Cheryl Walker
The Assassination of Julius Caesar: A People's History of Ancient Rome, authors: Michael Parenti
Letters from the Earth: Uncensored Writings, authors: Mark Twain, Bernard DeVoto, Henry Nash Smith
Mark Twain: Selected Works, authors: Mark Twain
The Blazing Center Study Guide: The Soul-Satisfying Supremacy of God in All Things, authors: John Piper
The God of Small Things, authors: Arundhati Roy
Balzac und die kleine chinesische Schneiderin, authors: Dai Sijie
The Wit &  Wisdom of Winston Churchill, authors: James C. Humes, Richard M. Nixon
Winston Churchill, authors: John Keegan
The Illustrated Garden Book: A New Anthology, authors: Robin Lane  Fox, Vita Sackville-West, Freda Titford, Ken Kirkwood
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell, authors: Marilyn Manson, Neil Strauss
Dissecting Marilyn Manson, authors: Gavin Baddeley
Marilyn Manson, authors: Kurt Reighley
Marilyn Manson: The Lonely Watchman, authors: Richard D. Nelson
Philosophical Papers: Volume 1  Human Agency and Language, authors: Charles Taylor
Sources of the Self: The Making of the Modern Identity, authors: Charles Taylor
The Ethics of Authenticity, authors: Charles Taylor
Multiculturalism, authors: Charles Taylor, Amy Gutmann, Michael Walzer, Susan R. Wolf, Shierry Weber Nicholsen, Kwame Anthony Appiah, Jürgen Habermas, Steven C. Rockefeller
Charles Taylor, authors: Ruth  Abbey
Built To Last: Building America's Amazing Bridges  Dams  Tunnels  and Skyscrapers (Built to Last), authors: George Sullivan
The Art of the Start: The Time-Tested  Battle-Hardened Guide for Anyone Starting Anything, authors: Guy Kawasaki
Mandala Sand Art Kit, authors: Walter Foster Creative Team
The Death Shift: The True Story of Nurse Genene and the Texas Baby Murders, authors: Peter Elkind
Turn of the Cards (Wild Cards  #12), authors: George R.R. Martin, Victor Milán
Turn of the Cards, authors: Georgina Grey
Dr. Seuss (First Biographies), authors: Cheryl Carlson
Go Jump in the Pool! (Macdonald Hall  #2), authors: Gordon Korman
Shipwreck (Island I), authors: Gordon Korman, Holter Graham
The Pusher (87th Precinct  #3), authors: Ed McBain
Eight Black Horses (87th Precinct  #38), authors: Ed McBain, Mark T. Sullivan
Fiddlers (87th Precinct  #55), authors: Ed McBain, Otto Penzler
The Last Dance (87th Precinct  #50), authors: Ed McBain
The Listener's Bible: NIV, authors: Anonymous, Max McLean
Information Technology for Management: Transforming Organizations in the Digital Economy, authors: Efraim Turban, Dorothy Leidner, James C. Wetherbe, Ephraim McLean, Christy Cheung, Daniel Tse, Maggie Lew
A Search for What Makes Sense: Finding Faith, authors: Brian D. McLaren, Steve Chalke
Police Brutality: An Anthology, authors: Jill Nelson, Robin D.G. Kelley, Richard Austin, Flores Alexander Forbes, Ron Daniels, Frank Moss, Derrick A. Bell, Claude Andrew Clegg III, Katheryn K. Russell, Patricia J. Williams, Stanley Crouch, Ishmael Reed, Arthur Doye
Reluctant Burglar (To Catch a Thief #1), authors: Jill Elizabeth Nelson
Q: The Autobiography of Quincy Jones, authors: Quincy Jones
Mansion On The Hill: Dylan Young Geffen Springsteen and the Head-on-Collision of Rock and Commerce, authors: Fred Goodman
Lady on the Hill: How Biltmore Estate Became an American Icon, authors: Howard E. Covington Jr.
Hit Men: Power Brokers and Fast Money Inside the Music Business, authors: Fredric Dannen, Erroll McDonald
Savannah Blues (Weezie and Bebe Mysteries  #1), authors: Mary Kay Andrews
The Last Shogun: The Life of Tokugawa Yoshinobu, authors: Ryōtarō Shiba, Juliet Winters Carpenter
Shōgun (Asian Saga  #1), authors: James Clavell
Whoreson, authors: Donald Goines
Crime Partners, authors: Donald Goines
Jonah's Gourd Vine, authors: Zora Neale Hurston
The Complete Stories, authors: Zora Neale Hurston, Henry Louis Gates Jr., Sieglinde Lemke
Zora Neale Hurston: A Literary Biography, authors: Robert E. Hemenway, Alice Walker
Zora Neale Hurston: Critical Perspectives Past And Present (Amistad Literary Series), authors: Henry Louis Gates Jr., Kwame Anthony Appiah
The Tarot Cafe  #1, authors: Sang-Sun Park
Photography's Other Histories, authors: Christopher Pinney, Nicholas Peterson
Photos of the Gods: The Printed Image and Political Struggle in India, authors: Christopher Pinney
Antitrust Law, authors: Richard A. Posner
Case Closed: Lee Harvey Oswald and the Assassination of JFK, authors: Gerald Posner
Sex and Reason, authors: Richard A. Posner
Law and Literature, authors: Richard A. Posner
Orlando: A Biography: Film Screenplay, authors: Sally Potter, Virginia Woolf
Orlando Furioso: Part Two, authors: Ludovico Ariosto, Barbara Reynolds
Orlando Furioso, authors: Ludovico Ariosto, Guido Waldman
A People's Tragedy: The Russian Revolution: 1891-1924, authors: Orlando Figes
Alas  Babylon, authors: Pat Frank
The South Beach Diet: The Delicious  Doctor-Designed  Foolproof Plan for Fast and Healthy Weight Loss, authors: Arthur Agatston
On the Beach, authors: Nevil Shute
The Book of Merlyn: The Unpublished Conclusion to The Once & Future King, authors: T.H. White
The Art of Happiness, authors: Dalai Lama XIV, Howard C. Cutler
The Art of Happiness at Work, authors: Dalai Lama XIV, Howard C. Cutler
Zen and the Art of Happiness, authors: Chris Prentiss
Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness, authors: Sharon Salzberg, Jon Kabat-Zinn
Kaplan & Sadock's Synopsis of Psychiatry: Behavioral Sciences/Clinical Psychiatry, authors: Benjamin James Sadock, Virginia Alcott Sadock
How to Go to College Almost for Free  Updated, authors: Ben R. Kaplan
Australia, authors: Kate Hemphill, Zoë Ross, Louise Bostock Lang
Let's Go Australia on a Budget, authors: Let's Go Inc.
National Geographic Traveler: Australia, authors: Roff Smith
Moll Flanders, authors: Daniel Defoe, Mark Schorer, Georgina Sutton
Moll Flanders, authors: Daniel Defoe, Virginia Woolf
The Leatherstocking Tales  Vol. 2: The Pathfinder / The Deerslayer, authors: James Fenimore Cooper, Blake Nevius
The Last of the Mohicans (The Leatherstocking Tales #2), authors: James Fenimore Cooper
A River Runs Through It, authors: Norman Maclean, Barry Moser
Empires of the Monsoon: A History of the Indian Ocean and Its Invaders, authors: Richard Seymour Hall
The Next Whole Earth Catalog: Access to Tools, authors: Stewart Brand
Whole Earth Software Catalog, authors: Stewart Brand
Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets, authors: Nassim Nicholas Taleb
El Borbah, authors: Charles Burns
Big Baby, authors: Charles Burns
Black Hole, authors: Charles Burns
Black Hole  tome 3: Visions, authors: Charles Burns
Black Hole  tome 4 : Reine des lézards, authors: Charles Burns
9-11, authors: Noam Chomsky, Greg Ruggiero, Marili Margomenou, Miguel Mora, Natalie Levisalles, Il Manifesto, Hartford Courant, David Barsamian, Radio B92, Elise Fried, Peter Kreysler, Gionarle del Popolo, Michael Albert
Secrets  Lies and Democracy, authors: Noam Chomsky, David Barsamian
Syntactic Structures, authors: Noam Chomsky, David W. Lightfoot
The Umbrella of US Power: The Universal Declaration of Human Rights & the Contradictions of US Policy, authors: Noam Chomsky, Greg Ruggiero
The Common Good, authors: Noam Chomsky, David Barsamian, Arthur Naiman
The Curious Sofa, authors: Edward Gorey
LOVE MODE 11, authors: Yuki Shimizu, 志水 ゆき
Ring (Ring  #1), authors: Kōji Suzuki, Robert B. Rohmer, Glynne Walley
The Ring Volume 4 Birthday, authors: Kōji Suzuki, Sakura Mizuki
Strings  Conformal Fields  and M-Theory (Graduate Texts in Contemporary Physics), authors: Michio Kaku
Introduction to Superstrings and M-Theory, authors: Michio Kaku, Joseph L. Birman, H. Eugene Stanley, J.W. Lynn, M.P. Silverman, M. Voloshin
To Win a Nuclear War: The Pentagon's Secret War Plans, authors: Michio Kaku, Daniel Axelrod
Company, authors: Max Barry
Fermat's Enigma: The Epic Quest to Solve the World's Greatest Mathematical Problem, authors: Simon Singh
The Science Book, authors: Peter Tallack, Simon Singh
Kristy's Great Idea, authors: Raina Telgemeier, Ann M. Martin
The Actor in You: Sixteen Simple Steps to Understanding the Art of Acting, authors: Robert Benedetti
The Actor in You: Sixteen Simple Steps to Understanding the Art of Acting, authors: Robert Benedetti
The Cat Who Played Post Office (Cat Who...  #6), authors: Lilian Jackson Braun
Just Above My Head, authors: James Baldwin
Nobody Knows My Name, authors: James Baldwin
Tell Me How Long the Train's Been Gone, authors: James Baldwin
If Beale Street Could Talk, authors: James Baldwin
Tell My Horse: Voodoo and Life in Haiti and Jamaica, authors: Zora Neale Hurston
Wrapped in Rainbows: The Life of Zora Neale Hurston, authors: Valerie Boyd
Going to Meet the Man, authors: James Baldwin
The Amen Corner, authors: James Baldwin
Blues for Mister Charlie, authors: James Baldwin
Every Tongue Got to Confess: Negro Folk-tales from the Gulf States, authors: Zora Neale Hurston, Carla Kaplan, John Edgar Wideman
Factotum, authors: Charles Bukowski
Women, authors: Charles Bukowski
Ham on Rye, authors: Charles Bukowski
Tales of Ordinary Madness, authors: Charles Bukowski
You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense, authors: Charles Bukowski
Tiempo De Matar, authors: John Grisham
The Wakefields of Sweet Valley (Sweet Valley High Magna Editions #1), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
The Wedding (Sweet Valley High  #98), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Alone in the Crowd (Sweet Valley High  #28), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Taking Sides (Sweet Valley High  #31), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
The Wakefield Legacy: The Untold Story (Sweet Valley High Magna Editions #2), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Love at First Bite (Dark-Hunter #6.5; Wild Wulfs of London #2.5; Companion #3.5), authors: Sherrilyn Kenyon, L.A. Banks, Susan Squires, Ronda Thompson
Spunk & Bite: A Writer's Guide to Punchier  More Engaging Language & Style, authors: Arthur Plotnik
Cookies: Bite-Size Life Lessons, authors: Amy Krouse Rosenthal, Jane Dyer
Bite Me If You Can (Argeneau #6), authors: Lynsay Sands
Aftershock  (Sweet Valley High Super Edition  #12), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Sweet 18 (SVH Senior Year  #48), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
The New Jessica (Sweet Valley High  #32), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Double Love (Sweet Valley High  #1), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Happily Ever After (Sweet Valley High  #134), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Forbidden Love (Sweet Valley High #34), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Control Freak (SVH Senior Year  #35), authors: Francine Pascal
Mosquito Bite, authors: Alexandra Siy, Dennis Kunkel
Love Bites (Argeneau #2), authors: Lynsay Sands
Nigella Bites: From Family Meals to Elegant Dinners--Easy  Delectable Recipes for Any Occasion, authors: Nigella Lawson, Francesca Yorke
The Pursuit of History, authors: John Tosh, Sean Lang
Vegas Bites: A Werewolf Romance Anthology, authors: L.A. Banks, J.M. Jeffries, Seressie Glass, Natalie Dunbar
A Bite to Remember (Argeneau #5), authors: Lynsay Sands
Boys that Bite (Blood Coven Vampire  #1), authors: Mari Mancusi
A Quick Bite (Argeneau #1), authors: Lynsay Sands
Bite Club (Bite Club  #1), authors: Howard Chaykin, David Tischman, David Hahn
Last Bite, authors: Nancy Verde Barr
Bite Me!: An Unofficial Guide to the World of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, authors: Nikki Stafford
Small Bites  Big Nights: Seductive Little Plates for Intimate Occasions and Lavish Parties, authors: Govind Armstrong, Lisa Romerein, Tyler Florence
Plants Bite Back! (DK Readers), authors: Richard Platt
Last Wish (Sweet Valley High), authors: Francine Pascal
Starting Over (Sweet Valley High  #33), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Dear Sister (Sweet Valley High  #7), authors: Francine Pascal, Kate William
Don't Wait for Your Ship to Come In... Swim Out to Meet It!: Bite-Sized Inspirations to Help You Achieve Your Dreams, authors: John Mason
Magic Bites (Kate Daniels  #1), authors: Ilona Andrews
The Secret Garden, authors: Frances Hodgson Burnett, Graham Rust
The Secret Garden, authors: Frances Hodgson Burnett, Scott McKowen
The Secret Garden Coloring Book, authors: Brian Doherty, Frances Hodgson Burnett, Thea Kliros
A Little Princess, authors: Frances Hodgson Burnett, Scott McKowen
A Little Princess, authors: Tania Zamorsky, Frances Hodgson Burnett, Lucy Corvino, Arthur Pober
The Little Princesses, authors: Marion Crawford, Jennie Bond
Laura Ingalls Wilder Country: The People and places in Laura Ingalls Wilder's life and books, authors: William   Anderson, Leslie A.  Kelly
The Collected Works of C.S. Lewis, authors: C.S. Lewis, Michael Hauge
Pedro Páramo, authors: Juan Rulfo
Pedro Páramo / El Llano en llamas, authors: Juan Rulfo
Pedro Páramo, authors: Juan Rulfo
Pedro Paramo / El Llano En Llamas, authors: Juan Rulfo
Pedro Páramo, authors: Juan Rulfo
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens / Peter and Wendy, authors: J.M. Barrie, Peter Hollindale
Walt Disney's Peter Pan (A Little Golden Book), authors: Walt Disney Company, Al Dempster
Peter Pan And Wendy, authors: J.M. Barrie, Ken Geist
Peter Pan, authors: J.M. Barrie, Tim Curry
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, authors: Mark Twain
Alice in Wonderland / Hunting of the Snark, authors: Lewis Carroll, Donald J. Gray
Holes, authors: Louis Sachar
Rabbit Hole, authors: David Lindsay-Abaire
A Magic Crystal? (Marvin Redpost), authors: Louis Sachar
Holes (Holes  #1), authors: Louis Sachar
Super Fast Out of Control, authors: Louis Sachar
The Anthology at the End of the Universe: Leading Science Fiction Authors on Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, authors: Glenn Yeffeth, Don DeBrandt, Cory Doctorow, Bruce Bethke, Adam Roberts, Lawrence Watt-Evans, Selina Rosen, Mark W. Tiedemann, Jacqueline Carey, Susan Sizemore, Vox Day, Stephen Baxter, A.M. Dellamonica, Marguerite Krause, John Shirley, Adam-Troy Castro, Amy Berner, Maria  Alexander, Marie-Catherine Caillava, Mike Byrne
The Feminine Mystique, authors: Betty Friedan, Anna Quindlen
Betty Friedan and the Making of "The Feminine Mystique": The American Left  the Cold War  and Modern Feminism, authors: Daniel Horowitz
James Herriot's Treasury for Children: Warm and Joyful Tales by the Author of All Creatures Great and Small, authors: James Herriot, Ruth Brown, Peter Barrett
James Herriot's Dog Stories, authors: James Herriot, Victor G. Ambrus
The Real James Herriot: A Memoir of My Father, authors: Jim Wight
The Lord God Made Them All, authors: James Herriot
Who Was Mark Twain?, authors: April Jones Prince, Nancy Harrison, John   O'Brien
Roughing It, authors: Mark Twain, Henry B. Wonham
The Complete Essays of Mark Twain, authors: Mark Twain, Charles Neider
Death of a Salesman, authors: Arthur  Miller
The Portable Arthur Miller, authors: Arthur  Miller, Harold Clurman, Christopher Bigsby
Collected Plays 1944-1961, authors: Arthur  Miller, Tony Kushner
Incident at Vichy, authors: Arthur  Miller
Discovering Great Artists: Hands-On Art for Children in the Styles of the Great Masters, authors: MaryAnn F. Kohl, Kim Solga, Rebecca Van Slyke
The Portable Thomas Jefferson, authors: Thomas Jefferson, Merrill D. Peterson
Autobiography of Thomas Jefferson, authors: Thomas Jefferson
Juan Rulfo's Mexico, authors: Juan Rulfo, Carlos Fuentes, Margo Glantz, Jorge Alberto Lozoya, Eduardo Rivero, Víctor Jiménez, E. Billeter
Pedro Páramo, authors: Juan Rulfo, Margaret Sayers Peden, Susan Sontag
The Burning Plain and Other Stories, authors: Juan Rulfo, Kermit Oliver, George D. Schade
Laughter and Tears: A Family's Journey to Understanding the Autism Spectrum, authors: Ann Hewetson
The Irish Anatomist: A Study of Flann O'Brien, authors: Keith Donohue
Quito 1599: City and Colony in Transition, authors: Kris Lane, Lyman L. Johnson
1599: A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare, authors: James Shapiro
Stranger from the Past, authors: Penny Jordan
The Olive Farm: A Memoir of Life  Love  and Olive Oil in the South of France, authors: Carol Drinkwater
Confederates in the Attic: Dispatches from the Unfinished Civil War, authors: Tony Horwitz
Convergence Culture: Where Old and New Media Collide, authors: Henry Jenkins
The Sling and the Stone: On War in the 21st Century, authors: Thomas X. Hammes
Mistletoe, authors: Hailey Abbott, Melissa de la Cruz, Aimee Friedman, Nina Malkin
The Guide to Hollywood and Beverly Hills, authors: Charles Lockwood
Follow Your Heart's Vegetarian Soup Cookbook, authors: Janice Cook Migliaccio
Your Best Friend's Boyfriend (Follow Your Heart  #1), authors: J.E. Bright
Follow Your Heart, authors: Susanna Tamaro, John T. Cullen
Naughty Little Secret, authors: Shayla Black, Shelley Bradley
No Accident (Little Secrets  #2), authors: Emily Blake
Dirty Little Secrets (Marisela Morales/Dirty #1), authors: Julie Leto
Dirty Little Secrets, authors: Joy King
Three Little Secrets (MacLachlan Family  #4), authors: Liz Carlyle
Lori's Little Secret (Bravo Family  #15) (Bravo Family Ties Miniseries  #3), authors: Christine Rimmer
The Day My Butt Went Psycho, authors: Andy Griffiths, Miles Thompson
Just Disgusting!, authors: Andy Griffiths, Terry Denton
Thorn in Her Side (The Princess School  #7), authors: Jane B. Mason, Sarah Hines Stephens
The Princess of the Chalet School, authors: Elinor M. Brent-Dyer
The Princess Diaries (The Princess Diaries  #1), authors: Meg Cabot
Let Down Your Hair, authors: Jane B. Mason, Sarah Hines Stephens
Awakening (Chasing Yesterday  #1), authors: Robin Wasserman
Betrayal (Chasing Yesterday  #2), authors: Robin Wasserman
Fun Home: A Family Tragicomic, authors: Alison Bechdel
Second Home: Finding Your Place in the Fun (Better Homes and Gardens), authors: Denny Caringer, Better Homes and Gardens
Six Frigates: The Epic History of the Founding of the U. S. Navy, authors: Ian W. Toll
Power  Sex  Suicide: Mitochondria and the Meaning of Life, authors: Nick Lane
Die Tagebücher einer Nanny, authors: Emma McLaughlin, Nicola Kraus
1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus, authors: Charles C. Mann
Saint Ignatius Loyola: The Pilgrim Years 1491-1538, authors: James Brodrick
Deep Storm (Jeremy Logan  #1), authors: Lincoln Child
Death Match, authors: Lincoln Child
The Wheel of Darkness (Pendergast  #8), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child
Reliquary (Pendergast  #2), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child
The Cabinet of Curiosities (Pendergast  #3), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child
Still Life With Crows (Pendergast  #4), authors: Douglas Preston, Lincoln Child
Dancing on My Grave, authors: Gelsey Kirkland, Greg Lawrence
Dancing on His Grave: A True Story of Survival and Triumph, authors: Barbara Richard
I Don't Know How She Does It (Kate Reddy  #1), authors: Allison Pearson
I Don't Know How She Does It (Kate Reddy  #1), authors: Allison Pearson
Perfect Girls  Starving Daughters: The Frightening New Normalcy of Hating Your Body, authors: Courtney E. Martin
The 21 Success Secrets of Self-Made Millionaires: How to Achieve Financial Independence Faster and Easier Than You Ever Thought Possible, authors: Brian Tracy
The Cake Book, authors: Tish Boyle, John Uher
Grand Finales: A Modernist View of Plated Desserts, authors: Tish Boyle, Timothy Moriarty
The Making of the Fittest: DNA and the Ultimate Forensic Record of Evolution, authors: Sean B. Carroll, Jamie W. Carroll, Leanne M. Olds
The Bride Finder (St. Leger  #1), authors: Susan Carroll
The Courtesan (The Dark Queen Saga  #2), authors: Susan Carroll
Giovanni and Lusanna: Love and Marriage in Renaissance Florence, authors: Gene A. Brucker
The Collected Poetry  1968-1998, authors: Nikki Giovanni, Virginia C. Fowler
Mozart's Don Giovanni (the Dover Opera Libretto Series), authors: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Lorenzo Da Ponte, Ellen H. Bleiler
Love Poems, authors: Nikki Giovanni
Rosa, authors: Nikki Giovanni, Bryan Collier
The covert war against rock: what you don't know about the deaths of Jim Morrison  Tupac Shakur  Michael Hutchence  Brian Jones  Jimi Hendrix  Phil Ochs  Bob Marley  Peter Tosh  John Lennon  The Notorious B.I.G, authors: Alex Constantine
Gale Gand's Short + Sweet : Quick Desserts with Eight Ingredients or Less, authors: Gale Gand, Julia Moskin, Tim Turner
What Angels Fear (Sebastian St. Cyr  #1), authors: C.S. Harris
Breaking Free from Compulsive Eating, authors: Geneen Roth
When Food Is Love: Exploring the Relationship Between Eating and Intimacy, authors: Geneen Roth
You're Born an Original  Don't Die a Copy!, authors: John Mason
Orin Aoraiosaa: Songs for Selected Heads, authors: John    Mason
Guide to Stress Reduction, authors: L. John Mason
La máquina de follar, authors: Charles Bukowski
Getting a Grip on the Basics: Building a Firm Foundation for the Victorious Christian Life, authors: Beth A. Jones
Freedom Riders: John Lewis and Jim Zwerg on the Front Lines of the Civil Rights Movement, authors: Ann Bausum
The Milagro Beanfield War, authors: John     Nichols
The Magic Journey, authors: John     Nichols
Captain Slaughterboard Drops Anchor, authors: Mervyn Peake
Hide-and-Seek with Angels: The Life of J.M. Barrie, authors: Lisa Chaney
The Hunted (Vampire Huntress  #3), authors: L.A. Banks
The Bitten (Vampire Huntress  #4), authors: L.A. Banks
The Forsaken (Vampire Huntress  #7), authors: L.A. Banks
Minion (Vampire Huntress  #1), authors: L.A. Banks
The Awakening (Vampire Huntress  #2), authors: L.A. Banks
The Forbidden (Vampire Huntress  #5), authors: L.A. Banks
The Damned (Vampire Huntress  #6), authors: L.A. Banks
The Damned (Vampire Huntress  #6), authors: L.A. Banks
Brand New Justice: How Branding Places and Products Can Help the Developing World, authors: Simon Anholt
Katie's Big Move (Junior Gymnasts  #2), authors: Teddy Slater, Wayne Alfano
Amanda's Unlucky Day (Junior Gymnasts  #6), authors: Teddy Slater, Wayne Alfano
Beat That! Cookbook, authors: Ann Hodgman
Stake That (Blood Coven Vampire  #2), authors: Mari Mancusi
Sk8er Boy (First Kiss Club #1), authors: Mari Mancusi
Bride & Groom (A Dog Lover's Mystery  #16), authors: Susan Conant, Maxwell Award
Stud Rites (A Dog Lover's Mystery #9), authors: Susan Conant
The Dogfather (A Dog Lover's Mystery  #15), authors: Susan Conant
Steamed (A Gourmet Girl Mystery  #1), authors: Jessica Conant-Park, Susan Conant
Paws Before Dying (A Dog Lover's Mystery  #4), authors: Susan Conant
A New Leash on Death (A Dog Lover's Mystery  #1), authors: Susan Conant
Scratch the Surface (A Cat Lover's Mystery #1), authors: Susan Conant
Corvette, authors: Jerry Burton
Lucifer's Shadow, authors: David Hewson
The Key, authors: Lynsay Sands
The Deed (Deed  #1), authors: Lynsay Sands
The Chase (Deed  #3), authors: Lynsay Sands
Bliss, authors: Lynsay Sands
The Perfect Wife, authors: Lynsay Sands
Sweet Revenge, authors: Lynsay Sands
The Reluctant Reformer, authors: Lynsay Sands
Love Is Blind, authors: Lynsay Sands
Standard Catalog of Smith & Wesson, authors: Jim Supica, Richard Nahas
Korea's Place in the Sun: A Modern History, authors: Bruce Cumings
Mighty Love, authors: Howard Chaykin
Challengers of the Unknown: Stolen Moments  Borrowed Time, authors: Howard Chaykin, Michelle Madsen
Black Kiss, authors: Howard Chaykin
Son of Superman, authors: Howard Chaykin, David Tischman, J.H. Williams III, Mick Gray, Lee Loughridge
Castle Diary: The Journal of Tobias Burgess, authors: Richard Platt, Chris Riddell
Disaster!: Catastrophes That Shook the World, authors: Richard Bonson, Richard Platt
Stephen Biesty's Incredible Explosions, authors: Stephen Biesty, Richard Platt
The Burglar Who Thought He Was Bogart (Bernie Rhodenbarr  #7), authors: Lawrence Block
Hit Parade (John Keller  #3), authors: Lawrence Block
The Girl with the Long Green Heart, authors: Lawrence Block
The Burglar Who Painted Like Mondrian (Bernie Rhodenbarr  #5), authors: Lawrence Block
The Burglar Who Liked to Quote Kipling (Bernie Rhodenbarr  #3), authors: Lawrence Block
Out on the Cutting Edge (Matthew Scudder  #7), authors: Lawrence Block
Writing the Novel: From Plot to Print, authors: Lawrence Block
The Burglar Who Traded Ted Williams (Bernie Rhodenbarr  #6), authors: Lawrence Block
Gilda Joyce: Psychic Investigator (Gilda Joyce  #1), authors: Jennifer Allison
Boeing Versus Airbus: The Inside Story of the Greatest International Competition in Business, authors: John Newhouse
Fabulous Small Jews, authors: Joseph Epstein
Feast: Food to Celebrate Life, authors: Nigella Lawson
How to Be a Domestic Goddess: Baking and the Art of Comfort Cooking, authors: Nigella Lawson, Petrina Tinslay
How to Be a Domestic Goddess: Baking and the Art of Comfort Cooking, authors: Nigella Lawson
Forever Summer, authors: Nigella Lawson
programming.java: An Introduction to Programming Using Java: An Introduction to Programming Using Java, authors: Rick Decker, Stuart Hirshfield
The American Campaign: U.S. Presidential Campaigns and the National Vote, authors: James E. Campbell
The Anglo-Saxons, authors: James Campbell, Eric John, Patrick Wormald
The Final Frontiersman: Heimo Korth and His Family  Alone in Alaska's Arctic Wilderness, authors: James   Campbell
The Untamed One (Wild Wulfs of London  #2), authors: Ronda Thompson
The Cursed One (Wild Wulfs of London  #3), authors: Ronda Thompson
The Dark One (Wild Wulfs of London  #1), authors: Ronda Thompson
Call of the Moon, authors: Ronda Thompson
Bad (Fearless  #13), authors: Francine Pascal
Fear (Fearless  #23), authors: Francine Pascal
Twisted (Fearless  #4), authors: Francine Pascal
Run (Fearless  #3), authors: Francine Pascal
Killer (Fearless  #12), authors: Francine Pascal
Alone (Fearless  #22), authors: Francine Pascal
Tears (Fearless  #15), authors: Francine Pascal
The Shawshank Redemption, authors: Mark Kermode, Rob White
The Shawshank Redemption: The Shooting Script, authors: Frank Darabont, Stephen King
Different Seasons, authors: Stephen King
The Real Frank Zappa Book, authors: Frank Zappa, Peter Occhiogrosso
Homegrown Democrat: A Few Plain Thoughts from the Heart of America, authors: Garrison Keillor
Good Poems for Hard Times, authors: Garrison Keillor, Charles Bukowski, Robert Burns, Hayden Carruth, Raymond Carver, Billy Collins, Noël Coward, Carl Dennis, E.E. Cummings, Emily Dickinson, Stephen Dobyns, Fleur Adcock, John Donne, Rita Dove, Stephen Dunn, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Robert Frost, Erica Funkhouser, Donald Hall, Patricia Hampl, Thomas Hardy, Jim Harrison, W.H. Auden, Jennifer Michael Hecht, David Ignatow, John Keats, X.J. Kennedy, Jane Kenyon, Galway Kinnell, Maxine Kumin, Kate Light, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Louis MacNeice, Hilaire Belloc, Herman Melville, W.S. Merwin, Edna St. Vincent Millay, Howard Nemerov, Sharon Olds, Mary Oliver, Grace Paley, Lawrence Raab, Kenneth Rexroth, Wendell Berry, Carl Sandburg, John Berryman, Elizabeth Bishop, William Blake, Philip   Booth, Virginia Hamilton Adair, Liesl Mueller
Good Poems, authors: Garrison Keillor
Managers Not MBAs: A Hard Look at the Soft Practice of Managing and Management Development, authors: Henry Mintzberg
Hell No  We Won't Go! Resisting the Draft During the Vietnam War, authors: Sherry Gershon Gottlieb
Marsha Is Only a Flower (Marsha  #2), authors: Barbara Bottner
Almond Cookies & Dragon Well Tea, authors: Cynthia Chin-Lee, Youshan Tang
The Empire of Ice Cream, authors: Jeffrey Ford, Jonathan Carroll
The Fantasy Writer's Assistant and Other Stories, authors: Jeffrey Ford
Memoranda, authors: Jeffrey Ford, Jacques Guiod
The Mystical Poems of Rumi 1: First Selection  Poems 1-200, authors: Rumi, A.J. Arberry
Ruby Gloom's Guide to Friendship, authors: Matt Riser, Martin Hsu
Slouching Toward Nirvana, authors: Charles Bukowski, John   Martin
Mockingbird Wish Me Luck, authors: Charles Bukowski
Seventeen and In-Between, authors: Barthe DeClements
How Do You Lose Those Ninth-grade Blues?, authors: Barthe DeClements
The Man Who Smiled (Kurt Wallander #4), authors: Henning Mankell, Laurie Thompson
Before the Frost (Linda Wallander #1), authors: Henning Mankell, Ebba Segerberg
The Dogs of Riga (Kurt Wallander  #2), authors: Henning Mankell, Laurie Thompson
Sidetracked (Kurt Wallander  #5), authors: Henning Mankell, Steven T. Murray
The Return of the Dancing Master, authors: Henning Mankell, Laurie Thompson
One Step Behind  (Kurt Wallander  #7), authors: Henning Mankell, Ebba Segerberg
The White Lioness (Kurt Wallander  #3), authors: Henning Mankell, Laurie Thompson
Black Like Us: A Century of Lesbian  Gay  and Bisexual African American Fiction, authors: Devon W. Carbado, Evelyn C. White, Dwight A. McBride, Donald Weise
Dogged Pursuit (Jack and Jamie #5), authors: Lee Charles Kelley
To Collar a Killer (Jack and Jamie #3), authors: Lee Charles Kelley
A Nose for Murder (Jack and Jamie #1), authors: Lee Charles Kelley
Murder Unleashed (Jack and Jamie #2), authors: Lee Charles Kelley
His Princess Devotional: A Royal Encounter With Your King, authors: Sheri Rose Shepherd
How to Be Happy All the Time, authors: Paramahansa Yogananda
Illuminata: A Return to Prayer, authors: Marianne Williamson
Ten Kids  No Pets, authors: Ann M. Martin
Encyclopedia of an Ordinary Life, authors: Amy Krouse Rosenthal
The OK Book, authors: Amy Krouse Rosenthal, Tom Lichtenheld
Grey Eminence, authors: Aldous Huxley
Arms and Armor: A Pictorial Archive from Nineteenth-Century Sources, authors: Carol Belanger Grafton
Bittersweet: Recipes and Tales from a Life in Chocolate, authors: Alice Medrich, Deborah Jones
Chocolate and the Art of Low-Fat Desserts, authors: Alice Medrich
A Year in Chocolate: Four Seasons of Unforgettable Desserts, authors: Alice Medrich
Cocolat: Extraordinary Chocolate Desserts, authors: Alice Medrich, Patricia Brabant
The Bread Baker's Apprentice: Mastering the Art of Extraordinary Bread, authors: Peter Reinhart, Ron Manville
Beach Blanket Bad Boys, authors: Linda Lael Miller, Alison Kent, Lucy Monroe, Jill Shalvis, Susanna Carr, Morgan Leigh
Epileptic, authors: David B.
The Beauty Myth, authors: Naomi Wolf
How to Read Literature Like a Professor, authors: Thomas C. Foster
Reading Like a Writer: A Guide for People Who Love Books and for Those Who Want to Write Them, authors: Francine Prose
After, authors: Francine Prose
Blue Angel, authors: Francine Prose
Household Saints, authors: Francine Prose
The Carl Hiaasen Collection: Lucky You and Sick Puppy, authors: Carl Hiaasen, Edward Asner
He Came to Set the Captives Free, authors: Rebecca  Brown
A Long Way from Chicago (A Long Way from Chicago  #1), authors: Richard Peck
A Long Way from Chicago (Saddleback's Focus on Reading Study Guides), authors: Lisa S.  French
The Dreadful Future of Blossom Culp (Blossom Culp  #3), authors: Richard Peck
A Year Down Yonder (A Long Way from Chicago  #2), authors: Richard Peck
Matilda, authors: Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake
Matilda Bone, authors: Karen Cushman, Trina Schart Hyman
The Full Matilda, authors: David Haynes
Tuscan Countess: The Life and Extraordinary Times of Matilda of Canossa, authors: Michele K. Spike
The History of Rome  Books 21-30: The War with Hannibal, authors: Livy, Aubrey de Sélincourt, Betty Radice
Hannibal, authors: Theodore Ayrault Dodge, Ian M. Cuthbertson
Hannibal's Children, authors: John Maddox Roberts
Hannibal Crosses the Alps: The Invasion of Italy & the Second Punic War, authors: John Prevas
Hannibal: Enemy Of Rome, authors: Leonard Cottrell
Goodman & Gilman's the Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, authors: Laurence L. Brunton, John S. Lazo, Keith  L. Parker
Young Goodman Brown and Other Short Stories, authors: Nathaniel Hawthorne
A Patchwork Planet, authors: Anne Tyler
A Slipping-Down Life, authors: Anne Tyler
The Hound of the Baskervilles: Another Adventure of Sherlock Holmes  with "the Adventure of the Speckled Band, authors: Arthur Conan Doyle, Francis O'Gorman
The Hound of the Baskervilles, authors: Patrick Nobes, Arthur Conan Doyle, Jennifer Bassett, Tricia Hedge
The Alienist (Dr. Laszlo Kreizler  #1), authors: Caleb Carr
My Movie Business, authors: John Irving
A Son of the Circus, authors: Irving John
John Hammond on Record: An Autobiography, authors: John   Hammond, Irving Townsend
Always Remember Me: How One Family Survived World War II, authors: Marisabina Russo
Un rôle qui me convient, authors: Richard Russo, Jean-Luc Piningre
Monkeys, authors: Susan Minot
Evening, authors: Susan Minot
Three Genres: Writing Fiction/Literary Nonfiction  Poetry  and Drama, authors: Stephen Minot
The Tiny One, authors: Eliza Minot
Thunderstruck, authors: Erik Larson
The Naked Consumer: How Our Private Lives Become Public Commodities, authors: Erik  Larson
Artful Paper Dolls: New Ways to Play with a Traditional Form, authors: Terry  Taylor
The Meanest Doll in the World (Doll People  #2), authors: Ann M. Martin, Laura Godwin, Brian Selznick
Sacred Games (Sacred Games), authors: Vikram Chandra
Riding the Bus with My Sister: A True Life Journey, authors: Rachel Simon
Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, authors: Malcolm Gladwell
Beatrice's Goat, authors: Page McBrier, Lori Lohstoeter, Hillary Rodham Clinton
Leonardo's Swans, authors: Karen Essex
The Notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci, authors: Leonardo da Vinci, Irma A. Richter
Leonardo da Vinci: Obra pictorica completa y obra grafica, authors: Frank Zöllner, Johannes Nathan, Frank Zöllner
Leonardo on Painting: An Anthology of Writings by Leonardo da Vinci; With a Selection of Documents Relating to his Career as an Artist, authors: Leonardo da Vinci, Martin Kemp
Bone In The Throat, authors: Anthony Bourdain
Gone Bamboo, authors: Anthony Bourdain
The Family That Couldn't Sleep: A Medical Mystery, authors: D.T. Max
Dear Genius: The Letters of Ursula Nordstrom, authors: Ursula Nordstrom, Leonard S. Marcus, Maurice Sendak
Dear Genius...": A Memoir of My Life with Truman Capote, authors: Jack Dunphy
Only Revolutions, authors: Mark Z. Danielewski
The Whalestoe Letters, authors: Mark Z. Danielewski
La Maison des feuilles, authors: Mark Z. Danielewski, Christophe Claro
The Thief (The Queen's Thief  #1), authors: Megan Whalen Turner
Instead of Three Wishes, authors: Megan Whalen Turner
The Queen of Attolia (The Queen's Thief  #2), authors: Megan Whalen Turner
The King of Attolia (The Queen's Thief  #3), authors: Megan Whalen Turner
Firebirds: An Anthology of Original Fantasy and Science Fiction, authors: Sharyn November, Lloyd Alexander, Emma Bull, Charles Vess, Michael Cadnum, Kara Dalkey, Nancy Farmer, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Diana Wynne Jones, Patricia A. McKillip, Garth Nix, Meredith Ann Pierce, Delia Sherman, Sherwood Smith, Nancy Springer, Megan Whalen Turner, Elizabeth Wein, Laurel Winter
Herzog on Herzog, authors: Paul Cronin
Vesco, authors: Arthur Herzog III
Encore Provence: New Adventures in the South of France, authors: Peter Mayle
Confessions of a French Baker: Breadmaking Secrets  Tips  and Recipes, authors: Peter Mayle, Gerard Auzet
A Year in Provence, authors: Peter Mayle
How to Breathe Underwater, authors: Julie Orringer
The Crimson Petal and the White, authors: Michel Faber
Maggie: A Girl of the Streets and Other Short Fiction, authors: Stephen Crane, Jayne Anne Phillips
Maggie: A Girl of the Streets and Other Tales of New York, authors: Stephen Crane, Larzer Ziff, Theo Davis
Kushiel's Scion (Imriel's Trilogy  #1), authors: Jacqueline Carey
Theft: A Love Story, authors: Peter Carey
Kushiel's Justice (Imriel's Trilogy  #2), authors: Jacqueline Carey
Dirty Jokes and Beer: Stories of the Unrefined, authors: Drew Carey
Godslayer (The Sundering  #2), authors: Jacqueline Carey
Kushiel's Avatar (Phèdre's Trilogy  #3), authors: Jacqueline Carey
Angels: Celestial Spirits in Legend & Art, authors: Jacqueline Carey
World Atlas of Great Apes and their Conservation, authors: Julian Caldecott, Lera Miles
The Great Ape Project: Equality Beyond Humanity, authors: Paola Cavalieri, Peter Singer
Walking With the Great Apes: Jane Goodall  Dian Fossey  Birute Galdikas, authors: Sy Montgomery
The Nature of Play: Great Apes and Humans, authors: Anthony D. Pellegrini, Peter K. Smith
Alvin Journeyman (Tales of Alvin Maker  #4), authors: Orson Scott Card
Star Trek Voyager Companion, authors: Paul Ruditis
Dodge Caravan/Plymouth Voyager/Chrysler Town & Country 96-02 (Haynes Manuals), authors: L. Alan LeDoux
Evolution (Star Trek Voyager: String Theory  #3), authors: Heather Jarman
Masterpieces: The Best Science Fiction of the Twentieth Century, authors: Orson Scott Card, Isaac Asimov, William Gibson, Michael Swanwick, Theodore Sturgeon, Larry Niven, Robert Silverberg, Harry Turtledove, James Blish, George R.R. Martin, James Patrick Kelly, Karen Joy Fowler, Arthur C. Clarke, Lloyd Biggle Jr., Terry Bisson, Poul Anderson, John Kessel, R.A. Lafferty, C.J. Cherryh, Lisa Goldstein, Edmond Hamilton, Robert A. Heinlein, Ursula K. Le Guin, Ray Bradbury, Frederik Pohl, Harlan Ellison, George Alec Effinger, Brian W. Aldiss
Earthborn (Homecoming Saga #5), authors: Orson Scott Card
First Meetings: In the Enderverse, authors: Orson Scott Card
Wyrms, authors: Orson Scott Card
The Abyss, authors: Orson Scott Card, James Francis Cameron
Shadow Puppets (Shadow Series  #3), authors: Orson Scott Card
Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus, authors: Orson Scott Card
This Is the Way the World Ends, authors: James K. Morrow
Galapagos: World's End, authors: William Beebe
The Well At The World's End: Volume I, authors: William Morris, Lin Carter
The Well at the World's End: Volume II, authors: William Morris
Lost Boys, authors: Orson Scott Card
The Worthing Saga (Worthing  #1-3), authors: Orson Scott Card
The Rocky Road to Romance (Elsie Hawkins #4), authors: Janet Evanovich
Love Overboard, authors: Janet Evanovich
Back to the Bedroom (Elsie Hawkins #1), authors: Janet Evanovich
More Plums in One (Stephanie Plum  #4-6), authors: Janet Evanovich
Full Blast (Full #4), authors: Janet Evanovich, Charlotte Hughes
Metro Girl (Alex Barnaby  #1), authors: Janet Evanovich
To the Nines (Stephanie Plum  #9), authors: Janet Evanovich
Full Speed (Full  #3), authors: Janet Evanovich, Charlotte Hughes
Love Overboard, authors: Janet Evanovich, C.J. Critt
The Rocky Road to Romance (Elsie Hawkins  #4), authors: Janet Evanovich, C.J. Critt
Two for the Dough (Stephanie Plum  #2), authors: Janet Evanovich
The Full Box (Full  #1-4), authors: Janet Evanovich, Charlotte Hughes
Hard Eight (Stephanie Plum  #8), authors: Janet Evanovich
Hot Six (Stephanie Plum  #6), authors: Janet Evanovich
Metro Girl (Alex Barnaby  #1), authors: Janet Evanovich, C.J. Critt
Martian Time-Slip, authors: Philip K. Dick
The Martians (Mars Trilogy  #3.5), authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
Pirates of Venus (Venus  #1), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs, Thomas Floyd, F. Paul Wilson, Phillip R. Burger
Swords of Mars (Barsoom  #8), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Chessmen of Mars (Barsoom #5), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs, John Bolen
The Warlord of Mars (Barsoom  #3), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs, John Bolen
Synthetic Men of Mars (Barsoom  #9), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Master Mind of Mars (Barsoom #6), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
A Fighting Man of Mars (Barsoom  #7), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
Thuvia  Maid of Mars (Barsoom  #4), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
John Carter of Mars (Barsoom #11), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
A Princess of Mars (Barsoom  #1), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs, John Seelye
Escape on Venus (Venus  #4), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan of the Apes: Tarzan of the Apes/The Son of Tarzan/Tarzan at the Earth's Core/Tarzan Triumphant, authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs, Esteban Maroto, J. Allen St. John, Studley Burroughs
Tarzan of the Apes (Tarzan  #1), authors: Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Five People You Meet in Heaven, authors: Mitch Albom
Murder in the Bastille (Aimee Leduc Investigations  #4), authors: Cara Black
The Thirteenth Tale, authors: Diane Setterfield
Market Forces, authors: Richard K. Morgan
Black Widow: The Things They Say About Her, authors: Richard K. Morgan, Bill Sienkiewicz, Sean Phillips
Black Widow: Homecoming, authors: Richard K. Morgan, Bill Sienkiewicz, Goran Parlov
Ragtime, authors: E.L. Doctorow
Ragtime in Simla (Joe Sandilands  #2), authors: Barbara Cleverly
Thank You for Smoking, authors: Christopher Buckley
The Crossing, authors: Cormac McCarthy
Cities of the Plain (The Border Trilogy  #3), authors: Cormac McCarthy
The Agony and the Ecstasy: A Biographical Novel of Michelangelo, authors: Irving Stone
The Agony and the Ecstasy, authors: Irving Stone
Harvest, authors: Tess Gerritsen
Story of O (Story of O #1), authors: Pauline Réage, Sabine d'Estree
Story of O, authors: Pauline Réage, John Paul Hand
The O. Henry Prize Stories 2003, authors: Laura Furman, David Guterson, Diane Johnson, Jennifer Egan
The Illustrated Story Of O, authors: Doris Kloster, Pauline Réage
The Valley of Vision: A Collection of Puritan Prayers and Devotions, authors: Arthur Bennett
Valley Of Silence (Circle Trilogy  #3), authors: Nora Roberts
Revolution in The Valley: The Insanely Great Story of How the Mac Was Made, authors: Andy Hertzfeld, Steve Wozniak
The Valley of Horses (Earth's Children  #2), authors: Jean M. Auel
How Green Was My Valley, authors: Richard Llewellyn
Once A Warrior King: Memories of an Officer in Vietnam, authors: David Donovan
Once a Warrior (Warriors  #1), authors: Karyn Monk
Time and Again (Time  #1), authors: Jack Finney
Time and Again (Time Travel #1-2), authors: Nora Roberts
Time and Again: Time Was / Times Change, authors: Nora Roberts
Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time: The Historical Jesus and the Heart of Contemporary Faith, authors: Marcus J. Borg
Reading the Bible Again for the First Time: Taking the Bible Seriously but Not Literally, authors: Marcus J. Borg
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Business Plans, authors: Gwen Moran
PHP and MySQL Web Development (Developer's Library), authors: Luke Welling, Laura Thomson
Beginning PHP and MySQL 5: From Novice to Professional, authors: W. Jason Gilmore
PHP & MySQL For Dummies, authors: Janet Valade
PHP and MySQL for Dummies, authors: Janet Valade
Graphic Design Now, authors: Charlotte Fiell, Peter Fiell
Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11: How One Film Divided a Nation, authors: Robert Brent Toplin
My Dirty Thirties: Romantic Hedonism, authors: Kelly  Carr
The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy  Gentleman, authors: Laurence Sterne, Robert Folkenflik
La fortaleza digital, authors: Dan Brown, Eduardo García Murillo
The United States of Europe: The New Superpower and the End of American Supremacy, authors: T.R. Reid
Europe on a Shoestring, authors: Sarah Johnstone, Aaron Anderson, Sarah  Andrews, Lonely Planet
Europe and the People Without History, authors: Eric R. Wolf
A History of Modern Europe  Volume 2: From the French Revolution to the Present, authors: John M. Merriman
How Europe Underdeveloped Africa, authors: Walter Rodney, Vincent Harding
Europe: A History, authors: Norman Davies
The Basketball Diaries, authors: Jim Carroll
The Basketball Diaries and the Book of Nods, authors: Jim Carroll
The 10 Commandments of Parenting: The Do's and Don'ts for Raising Great Kids, authors: Ed  Young
Unsung Heroes Of Rock 'n' Roll: The Birth Of Rock In The Wild Years Before Elvis, authors: Nick Tosches
In the Hand of Dante, authors: Nick Tosches
Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451, authors: Harold Bloom
Schott's Original Miscellany, authors: Ben Schott, Collin Deckerman
Mind Over Money: How to Match Your Emotional Style to a Winning Financial Strategy, authors: John W. Schott, Jean S. Arbeiter
Blowback (Scot Harvath  #4), authors: Brad Thor
The Sorrows of Empire: Militarism  Secrecy  and the End of the Republic, authors: Chalmers Johnson, Shara Kay
Bouvard and Pecuchet, authors: Gustave Flaubert, Αχιλλέας Κυριακίδης, Mark Polizzotti, Raymond Queneau
Voyage of the Turtle: In Pursuit of the Earth's Last Dinosaur, authors: Carl Safina
Thirteen Moons on Turtle's Back, authors: Joseph Bruchac, Jonathan London, Thomas Locker
One Tiny Turtle, authors: Nicola Davies, Jane Chapman
Turtle Island, authors: Gary Snyder, Michael Corr
Turtles  Termites  and Traffic Jams: Explorations in Massively Parallel Microworlds, authors: Mitchel Resnick
Turtle Moon, authors: Alice Hoffman
Aquatic Turtles: Sliders  Cooters  Painted  and Map Turtles, authors: Richard D. Bartlett, Patricia P. Bartlett
Turtles & Tortoises for Dummies, authors: Liz Palika
The Turtle and the Monkey, authors: Paul Galdone, Joanna Galdone
Turtle Diary, authors: Russell Hoban
Lessons from Turtle Island: Native Curriculum in Early Childhood Classrooms, authors: Guy W. Jones, Sally Moomaw
Inside Himalaya, authors: Basil Pao, Michael Palin
Youth in Revolt: The Journals of Nick Twisp : Volumes I  II  III/Youth in Revolt/Youth in Bondage/Youth in Exile, authors: C.D. Payne
The Demon Princes  Volume One: The Star King  The Killing Machine  The Palace of Love, authors: Jack Vance
Lurulu, authors: Jack Vance
Lyonesse: Suldrun's Garden (Lyonesse  #1), authors: Jack Vance
Jack Vance: Critical Appreciations and a Bibliography, authors: A.E. Cunningham, Harlan Ellison, Charles F. Miller, Terry Dowling, Paul Rhoads, Jack Vance, Tom Shippey, Gene Wolfe, David Langford, Dan Simmons, David Mathew
Galactic Effectuator, authors: Jack Vance
The SFWA Grand Masters 3, authors: Frederik Pohl, Lester del Rey, Damon Knight, A.E. van Vogt, Jack Vance
The Languages of Pao, authors: Jack Vance
The Last Castle, authors: Jack Vance
Madouc (Lyonesse  #3), authors: Jack Vance
Ports of Call, authors: Jack Vance
The Demon Princes  Volume Two: The Face  The Book of Dreams, authors: Jack Vance
The Green Pearl (Lyonesse  #2), authors: Jack Vance
The Last Castle/Nightwings (Tor Double Novel #15), authors: Jack Vance, Robert Silverberg
The Many Worlds of Magnus Ridolph, authors: Jack Vance
Big Dead Place: Inside the Strange and Menacing World of Antarctica, authors: Nicholas Johnson, Eirik Sonneland
Best Science Fiction Stories of Clifford D. Simak, authors: Clifford D. Simak
Theodore Rex, authors: Edmund Morris
Oedipus Tyrannus, authors: Sophocles, Theodore F. Brunner, Luci Berkowitz
The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt, authors: Edmund Morris
The Scientists: A History of Science Told Through the Lives of Its Greatest Inventors, authors: John Gribbin
A History of the Life Sciences, authors: Lois N. Magner, Magner
The Art of Innovation: Lessons in Creativity from IDEO  America's Leading Design Firm, authors: Tom Kelley, Jonathan Littman, Tom Peters
Absolute Trust in the Goodness of the Earth: New Poems, authors: Alice Walker
I Sold My Soul on Ebay: Viewing Faith Through an Atheist's Eyes, authors: Hemant Mehta, Rob Bell
Shadow & Claw (The Book of the New Sun #1-2), authors: Gene Wolfe
Sword & Citadel (The Book of the New Sun #3-4), authors: Gene Wolfe
The Wizard (The Wizard Knight #2), authors: Gene Wolfe
Soldier of Sidon (Latro #3), authors: Gene Wolfe
The Right Stuff, authors: Tom Wolfe
Wild Fire (The Hot Zone  #3), authors: Debra Cowan
The Best American Mystery Stories 2004, authors: Nelson DeMille, Otto Penzler
Day and Night, authors: Better Homes and Gardens
Romanticism, authors: Hugh Honour
No Cherubs for Melanie, authors: James  Hawkins
The Fish Kisser, authors: James  Hawkins
Street of the Five Moons (Vicky Bliss  #2), authors: Elizabeth Peters
Stand on Zanzibar, authors: John Brunner
The Shockwave Rider, authors: John Brunner
Study Guide to Accompany Brunner and Suddarth's Textbook of Medical-Surgical Nursing, authors: Suzanne C. O'Connell Smeltzer, Brenda G. Bare, Mary Jo Boyer
Natural Theology: Comprising Nature & Grace by Professor Dr Emil Brunner & the Reply No! by Dr Karl Barth, authors: Karl Barth, Emil Brunner, Peter Fraenkel
Children of the Thunder / The Tides of Time / The Crucible of Time, authors: John Brunner
The Sheep Look Up, authors: John Brunner, James John Bell, David Brin
Entry to Elsewhen, authors: John Brunner
The Crucible of Time, authors: John Brunner
Polymath (Zarathustra Refugee Planets  #2), authors: John Brunner
Total Eclipse, authors: John Brunner
Manshape, authors: John Brunner
Modern Classics of Science Fiction, authors: Gardner Dozois, Damon Knight, R.A. Lafferty, Samuel R. Delany, Brian W. Aldiss, Gene Wolfe, Joanna Russ, James Tiptree Jr., Ursula K. Le Guin, Edward Bryant, Howard Waldrop, Jack Dann, L. Sprague de Camp, Lucius Shepard, Pat Cadigan, John Kessel, William Gibson, Connie Willis, Michael Swanwick, Bruce Sterling, Theodore Sturgeon, Richard McKenna, Cordwainer Smith, Jack Vance, Edgar Pangborn, Keith Roberts, Roger Zelazny
The Mammoth Book of Golden Age Science Fiction: Ten Classic Stories from the Birth of Modern Science Fiction Writing, authors: Isaac Asimov, Charles G. Waugh
Unearthly Neighbors, authors: Chad Oliver
The Shores of Another Sea (Classics of Modern Science Fiction 3), authors: Chad Oliver, George Zebrowski, Isaac Asimov
Men  Martians and Machines, authors: Eric Frank Russell, George Zebrowski, Isaac Asimov
What are the Seven Wonders of the World?: And 100 Other Great Cultural Lists—Fully Explicated, authors: Peter D'Epiro, Mary Desmond Pinkowish
World of Wonders (The Deptford Trilogy  #3), authors: Robertson Davies, Wayne Johnston
Wonder of the World, authors: David Lindsay-Abaire
Worlds of Wonder: How to Write Science Fiction & Fantasy, authors: David Gerrold
Walking the World in Wonder: A Children's Herbal, authors: Ellen Evert Hopman, Steven Foster
Worlds of Wonder, authors: Terry Pastor, Damon Knight, Philip K. Dick, C.M. Kornbluth, Bob Shaw, Frederik Pohl, Alfred Bester, C.L. Moore, Henry Kuttner, Robert Sheckley, James Blish, Cordwainer Smith, Brian W. Aldiss, Jack Vance
Sixty Days and Counting (Science in the Capital  #3), authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
Fifty Degrees Below (Science in the Capital  #2), authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
The Gold Coast (Three Californias Triptych  #2), authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
Antarctica, authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
The Wild Shore (Three Californias Triptych  #1), authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
Forty Signs of Rain (Science in the Capital #1), authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
Pacific Edge (Three Californias Triptych  #3), authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
The Memory of Whiteness: A Scientific Romance, authors: Kim Stanley Robinson
Les Fils des ténèbres, authors: Dan Simmons
Secret Identity (Lost  #2), authors: Catherine Hapka
Miracleman  Book Three: Olympus, authors: Alan Moore, John Totleben, Steve Oliff, Joe Caramagna, Michael Kelleher, Peter Milligan, Mike Allred
A Thousand Acres, authors: Jane Smiley
Mother's Milk, authors: Edward St. Aubyn
From a Limestone Ledge: Some Essays and Other Ruminations about Country Life in Texas, authors: John Graves, Glenn Wolff, Bill Wittliff
Possession, authors: A.S. Byatt
The Best American Nonrequired Reading 2004, authors: Dave Eggers, Viggo Mortensen
The Culture of Fear: Why Americans Are Afraid of the Wrong Things, authors: Barry Glassner
Culture of Fear Revisited, authors: Frank Furedi
GraceLand, authors: Chris Abani
Raised on Rock: Growing Up at Graceland, authors: David Stanley, Mark Bego
The White Widow, authors: Jim Lehrer
The Franklin Affair, authors: Jim Lehrer
Short List (One-Eyed Mack  #5), authors: Jim Lehrer
Fine Lines (One-Eyed Mack  #6), authors: Jim Lehrer
Kick the Can (One-Eyed Mack  #1), authors: Jim Lehrer
Strangers from a Different Shore: A History of Asian Americans, authors: Ronald Takaki
La chute, authors: Albert Camus
Syrup, authors: Max Barry
Maple Syrup Cookbook: Over 100 Recipes For Breakfast  Lunch & Dinner, authors: Ken Haedrich
The Red Tent, authors: Anita Diamant
Metaconcert (Intervention  #2), authors: Julian May
Surveillance (Intervention  #1), authors: Julian May
The Adversary (Saga of Pliocene Exile  #4), authors: Julian May
Magnificat (Galactic Milieu Trilogy  #3), authors: Julian May
The Sagittarius Whorl (Rampart Worlds #3), authors: Julian May
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 7 (Maison Ikkoku  #7), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Ranma 1/2  Vol. 8 (Ranma ½ (US 2nd)  #8), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
Maison Ikkoku  Volume 8 (Maison Ikkoku  #8), authors: Rumiko Takahashi
The Echo Maker, authors: Richard Powers
Afterglow: A Last Conversation With Pauline Kael, authors: Francis Davis, Pauline Kael
For Keeps: 30 Years at the Movies, authors: Pauline Kael
Hooked: Film Writings 1985-1988, authors: Pauline Kael
Flirting With Danger (Samantha Jellicoe  #1), authors: Suzanne Enoch
Flirting with Danger, authors: Linda Turner
Flirting With Danger, authors: Kate Walker
As Nature Made Him: The Boy Who Was Raised as a Girl, authors: John Colapinto
The Serial Killers Club, authors: Jeff Povey
The Savage Wars Of Peace: Soldiers' Voices 1945-1989, authors: Charles Allen
Dark Water (Fog Point  #1), authors: Linda Hall
The Outlaws of Sherwood, authors: Robin McKinley
Beauty: A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the Beast, authors: Robin McKinley
Spindle's End, authors: Robin McKinley
Imaginary Lands, authors: Robin McKinley, James P. Blaylock, Patricia A. McKillip, Robert Westall, Peter Dickinson, Jane Yolen, P.C. Hodgell, Michael de Larrabetti, Joan D. Vinge
Beauty, authors: Robin McKinley
The Hero and the Crown (Damar  #2), authors: Robin McKinley
Hitty  Her First Hundred Years, authors: Rachel Field, Dorothy P. Lathrop
Rachel Field's Hitty: Her First Hundred Years, authors: Rosemary Wells, Susan Jeffers, Rachel Field
Voting Rights Days (Hitty's Travels  #3), authors: Ellen Weiss, Betina Ogden
A Christmas Carol (Great Illustrated Classics), authors: Malvina G. Vogel, Charles Dickens
Moon in a Dewdrop: Writings of Zen Master Dogen, authors: Dōgen, Kazuaki Tanahashi, Robert Aitken, Reb Anderson, Edward G. Brown, Norman Fischer, Arnold Kotler, Daniel Leighton, Lew Richmond, Katherine Thanas, Brian Unger, Mel Weitsman, Dan Welch, Philip Whalen, David    Schneider
Dewdrops on a Lotus Leaf: Zen Poems of Ryokan, authors: Ryōkan, John   Stevens
A Green Desire, authors: Anton Myrer, Alastair Westgarth
The Big War, authors: Anton Myrer
I Heard That Song Before, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
Santa Cruise: A Holiday Mystery at Sea, authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Carol Higgins Clark
No Place Like Home, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
Ghost Ship: A Cape Cod Story, authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Wendell Minor
Deck the Halls, authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Carol Higgins Clark
On the Street Where You Live, authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Karin Dufner
Silent Night: The Remarkable Christmas Truce of 1914, authors: Stanley Weintraub
Nighttime Is My Time, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
Watchfiends and Rack Screams: Works from the Final Period, authors: Antonin Artaud, Bernard Bador, Clayton Eshleman
Inside My Heart: Choosing to Live with Passion and Purpose, authors: Robin McGraw
Lord John and the Brotherhood of the Blade  (Lord John Grey  #2), authors: Diana Gabaldon
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, authors: Dale Carnegie
Andrew Carnegie and the Rise of Big Business (Library of American Biography Series), authors: Harold C. Livesay
How to Develop Self-Confidence and Influence People by Public Speaking, authors: Dale Carnegie
The Autobiography of Andrew Carnegie and the Gospel of Wealth, authors: Andrew Carnegie, Gordon Hutner
Love in the Time of Cholera, authors: Gabriel García Márquez, Edith Grossman
A Fan's Notes, authors: Frederick Exley, Jonathan Yardley
My Soul to Keep (African Immortals  #1), authors: Tananarive Due
Joplin's Ghost, authors: Tananarive Due
The Living Blood (African Immortals  #2), authors: Tananarive Due
The Good House, authors: Tananarive Due
The Prestige, authors: Christopher Priest
The Mammoth Book of Storms  Shipwrecks and Sea Disasters, authors: Richard Russell Lawrence
The Stones of Summer, authors: Dow Mossman
The Summer House, authors: Jean Stone
Peek-a-Boo! (Babyfaces), authors: Roberta Grobel Intrater
The Handmaid's Tale, authors: Margaret Atwood
The BFG: A Set of Plays, authors: Roald Dahl, David Wood
Science Notebooks: Writing about Inquiry, authors: Lori Fulton, Brian Campbell, Linda Gregg
Interviews with John Kenneth Galbraith (Conversations with Public Intellectuals), authors: John Kenneth Galbraith, James Ronald Stanfield, J. Ron Stanfield, Jacqueline Bloom Stanfield
The Economics of Innocent Fraud: Truth for Our Time, authors: John Kenneth Galbraith
Robin Williams Web Design Workshop, authors: Robin P. Williams, John Tollett, Dave Rohr
The Non-Designer's Web Book, authors: Robin P. Williams, John Tollett
Hard Drive: Bill Gates and the Making of the Microsoft Empire, authors: James Wallace, Jim  Erickson
Bill Gates: Computer Legend (Famous Lives), authors: Sara Barton-Wood
Chicken Trek, authors: Stephen Manes
Make Four Million Dollars by Next Thursday!, authors: Stephen Manes, George Ulrich
Slim Down Camp, authors: Stephen Manes
The Boy Who Turned Into a TV Set, authors: Stephen Manes, Michael  Bass
Masters of Enterprise: Giants of American Business from John Jacob Astor and J.P. Morgan to Bill Gates and Oprah Winfrey, authors: H.W. Brands
The Devil in the Junior League, authors: Linda Francis Lee
Prom Anonymous, authors: Blake Nelson
The New Rules of High School, authors: Blake Nelson
Cool Girl, authors: Blake Nelson, Hans Schumacher
They Came from Below, authors: Blake Nelson
User, authors: Blake Nelson
Exile, authors: Blake Nelson, Francine Kass
Girl (Girl  #1), authors: Blake Nelson
My Side of the Mountain (Mountain  #1), authors: Jean Craighead George
The Theban Plays: Oedipus Rex  Oedipus at Colonus & Antigone, authors: Sophocles, George      Young
The Jungle, authors: Upton Sinclair, Earl Lee, Kathleen DeGrave
The Jungle Books, authors: Rudyard Kipling, Alev Lytle Croutier
Human Croquet, authors: Kate Atkinson
The Key to Rebecca, authors: Ken Follett, Arto Häilä
Paper Money, authors: Ken Follett
Skeleton Coast (Oregon Files  #4), authors: Clive Cussler, Jack Du Brul
Dragon (Dirk Pitt  #10), authors: Clive Cussler
Dark Watch (Oregon Files  #3), authors: Clive Cussler, Jack Du Brul
Black Wind (Dirk Pitt  #18), authors: Clive Cussler, Dirk Cussler
Cyclops (Dirk Pitt  #8), authors: Clive Cussler
Deep Six (Dirk Pitt  #7), authors: Clive Cussler
Polar Shift (NUMA Files  #6), authors: Clive Cussler, Paul Kemprecos
Vixen 03 (Dirk Pitt  #5), authors: Clive Cussler
The Mediterranean Caper (Dirk Pitt  #2), authors: Clive Cussler
The Navigator (NUMA Files  #7), authors: Clive Cussler, Paul Kemprecos
Golden Buddha (Oregon Files  #1), authors: Clive Cussler, Craig Dirgo
Shock Wave (Dirk Pitt  #13), authors: Clive Cussler
Raise the Titanic! (Dirk Pitt  #4), authors: Clive Cussler
Atlantis Found (Dirk Pitt  #15), authors: Clive Cussler
Muerte Blanca, authors: Clive Cussler, Paul Kemprecos
Iceberg (Dirk Pitt  #3), authors: Clive Cussler
Fire Ice (NUMA Files  #3), authors: Clive Cussler, Paul Kemprecos
Lost City (NUMA Files  #5), authors: Clive Cussler, Paul Kemprecos
The Sea Hunters II (The Sea Hunters  #2), authors: Clive Cussler, Craig Dirgo
The Sea Hunters (The Sea Hunters #1), authors: Clive Cussler, Craig Dirgo
La Ciudad Perdida (NUMA Files  #5), authors: Clive Cussler, Paul Kemprecos
Sahara (Dirk Pitt  #11), authors: Clive Cussler
Clive Cussler and Dirk Pitt Revealed, authors: Clive Cussler, Craig Dirgo
Cliffs Notes on Billy Budd & Typee, authors: Mary Ellen Snodgrass
Billy Budd  Sailor, authors: Herman Melville
Billy Budd  Sailor, authors: Herman Melville
Billy Budd  Sailor and Other Uncompleted Writings: The Writings of Herman Melville  Volume 13, authors: Herman Melville, Hershel Parker, G. Thomas Tanselle, Harrison Hayford, Robert Sandberg, Alma MacDougall Reising
Billy Budd  marin, authors: Herman Melville
The Elections of 2004, authors: Michael Nelson
Love Sick: A Smoldering Look at Love  Lust  and Marriage, authors: Michael J. Nelson, Charles S. Anderson Design Company, Pop Ink
Goth-Icky: A Macabre Menagerie of Morbid Monstrosities, authors: Michael J. Nelson, Charles S. Anderson Design Company, Pop Ink
Fluffy Humpy Poopy Puppy: A Ruff  Dog-Eared Look at Man's Best Friend, authors: Michael J. Nelson, Pop Ink, Charles S. Anderson Design Company
Mike Nelson's Death Rat!, authors: Michael J. Nelson
Joel on Software, authors: Joel Spolsky
Hackers & Painters: Big Ideas from the Computer Age, authors: Paul Graham, Allen Noren, Matt Hutchinson
I  Robot (Robot  #0.1), authors: Isaac Asimov
I  Robot: The Illustrated Screenplay, authors: Harlan Ellison
The Robots of Dawn (Robot #3), authors: Isaac Asimov
I. Asimov, authors: Isaac Asimov
Asimov's New Guide to Science, authors: Isaac Asimov
Pebble in the Sky (Galactic Empire #3), authors: Isaac Asimov
The Gods Themselves, authors: Isaac Asimov
The Stars  Like Dust (Galactic Empire  #1), authors: Isaac Asimov
The Currents of Space (Galactic Empire  #2), authors: Isaac Asimov
Gold: The Final Science Fiction Collection, authors: Isaac Asimov, Orson Scott Card
Asimov's Guide to the Bible: The Old Testament, authors: Isaac Asimov
100 Great Fantasy Short Short Stories, authors: Isaac Asimov, Terry Carr, Martin H. Greenberg, Janet  Fox
Rock Star Superstar, authors: Blake Nelson
Writings and Selected Narratives of the Exploration and Settlement of Virginia, authors: John  Smith
John  Paul  George & Ben, authors: Lane Smith
Evolution and the Theory of Games, authors: John Maynard Smith
The Origins of Life: From the Birth of Life to the Origin of Language, authors: John Maynard Smith, Eörs Szathmáry
American Genesis: Captain John Smith and the Founding of Virginia, authors: Alden T. Vaughan
Twilight (Twilight  #1), authors: Stephenie Meyer
Sense and Sensibility, authors: Jane Austen
Uncle Shelby's ABZ Book, authors: Shel Silverstein
Who Wants a Cheap Rhinoceros?, authors: Shel Silverstein
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (Hogwarts Library), authors: Newt Scamander, J.K. Rowling
J.K. Rowling - A Biography, authors: Sean Smith
Das Zauberer-Handbuch - Die Magische Welt der Joanne K. Rowling von A bis Z, authors: Allan Zola Kronzek
Harry Potter und die Kammer des Schreckens (Harry Potter  #2), authors: J.K. Rowling
Harry Potter und der Gefangene von Askaban (Harry Potter  #3), authors: J.K. Rowling, Rufus Beck
Harry Potter ve Sırlar Odası (Harry Potter  #2), authors: J.K. Rowling, Sevin Okyay
Harry Potter und der Gefangene von Askaban (Harry Potter  #3), authors: J.K. Rowling
There are No Children Here: The Story of Two Boys Growing Up in the Other America, authors: Alex Kotlowitz
Infants  Children  and Adolescents (MyDevelopmentLab Series), authors: Laura E. Berk
Spring Music, authors: Elvi Rhodes
Scarlet Feather, authors: Maeve Binchy
The Lilac Bus, authors: Maeve Binchy
Light a Penny Candle, authors: Maeve Binchy
Evening Class, authors: Maeve Binchy
Circle of Friends, authors: Maeve Binchy, René Huigen, Frans Thomése
Nos rêves de Castelbay, authors: Maeve Binchy
Les Saveurs de la vie, authors: Maeve Binchy
Kiss, authors: Jill Mansell
Solo, authors: Jill Mansell
Two's Company, authors: Jill Mansell
Open House, authors: Jill Mansell
The Dream Kingdom (The Morland Dynasty  #26), authors: Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
Falling for You, authors: Jill Mansell
Millie's Fling, authors: Jill Mansell
Sheer Mischief, authors: Jill Mansell
Head Over Heels, authors: Jill Mansell
Mixed Doubles, authors: Jill Mansell
Méli-mélo, authors: Jill Mansell
Seven Sunny Days, authors: Chris Manby
Girl Meets Ape, authors: Chris Manby
Girls' Night In, authors: Jessica Adams, Chris Manby, Fiona Walker
Tales from Shakespeare, authors: Charles Lamb, Mary Lamb, Arthur Rackham
Shakespeare's Sonnets, authors: William Shakespeare, Katherine Duncan-Jones
Love Poems and Sonnets, authors: William Shakespeare
Shakespeare A to Z: The Essential Reference to His Plays  His Poems  His Life and Times  and More, authors: Charles Boyce, David Allen White
The Sonnets, authors: William Shakespeare, Stephen Orgel, John Hollander
Shakespeare's Secret, authors: Elise Broach
The Complete Sonnets and Poems, authors: William Shakespeare, Colin Burrow
The Arden Shakespeare Complete Works, authors: William Shakespeare, Richard Proudfoot, Ann Thompson, David Scott Kastan, Harold Jenkins
Reduced Shakespeare: The Attention-impaired Readers Guide to the World's Best Playwright, authors: Reed Martin, Austin Tichenor
The Cat Who Knew Shakespeare (Cat Who...  #7), authors: Lilian Jackson Braun
The Shakespeare Stealer (Shakespeare Stealer  #1), authors: Gary L. Blackwood
Richard III, authors: William Shakespeare, Barbara A. Mowat, Paul Werstine
King Henry VI  Part 3, authors: William Shakespeare, John D. Cox, Eric Rasmussen
The Age Of Shakespeare, authors: Frank Kermode
Ukraine, authors: Sarah Johnstone
Jimi Hendrix: The Complete Guide to His Music  (Complete Guide to the Music of...), authors: Peter Doggett
Outside the Dog Museum (Answered Prayers  #4), authors: Jonathan Carroll
Glass Soup  (Vincent Ettrich  #2), authors: Jonathan Carroll
The Land of Laughs, authors: Jonathan Carroll
Sleeping in Flame (Answered Prayers  #2), authors: Jonathan Carroll, Dave McKean
Bones of the Moon (Answered Prayers  #1), authors: Jonathan Carroll
Kissing the Beehive (Crane's View  #1), authors: Jonathan Carroll
Baby Proof, authors: Emily Giffin
Something Blue (Darcy & Rachel  #2), authors: Emily Giffin
Something Borrowed (Darcy & Rachel  #1), authors: Emily Giffin
P.S. Longer Letter Later (Elizabeth and Tara*Starr  #1), authors: Paula Danziger, Ann M. Martin
P.S. Your Cat Is Dead, authors: James Kirkwood Jr.
P.S. I Love You Three!, authors: Lynda Milligan, Nancy J. Smith
The Christmas Shoes (Christmas Hope #1), authors: Donna VanLiere
Burning The Map, authors: Laura Caldwell
iMovie 4 & iDVD: The Missing Manual: The Missing Manual, authors: David Pogue
The Icarus Agenda, authors: Robert Ludlum
Life Is a Dream, authors: Pedro Calderón de la Barca
Life Is a Dream and Other Spanish Classics (Eric Bentley's Dramatic Repertoire) - Volume II, authors: Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Lope de Vega, Tirso de Molina, Roy Campbell, Eric Bentley
Life Is A Dream = La Vida Es Sueño, authors: Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Stanley Appelbaum
Life Is a Dream, authors: Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Gregary Racz
Stylepedia: A Guide to Graphic Design Mannerisms  Quirks  and Conceits, authors: Steven Heller, Louise Fili
I Can Fly, authors: Ruth Krauss, Mary Blair
A Whole Lotta Love, authors: Donna Hill, Francis Ray, Brenda Jackson, Monica Jackson
The Best of Pippi Longstocking (Pippi Longstocking  #1-3), authors: Astrid Lindgren, Tony Ross
Astrid Lindgren: Storyteller to the World, authors: Johanna Hurwitz, Michael Dooling
Astrid Lindgren, authors: Eva-Maria Metcalf
The Moffats (The Moffats  #1), authors: Eleanor Estes, Louis Slobodkin
Arthur and the Lost Kingdoms, authors: Alistair Moffat
God's Generals Why They Succeeded and Why Some Fail, authors: Roberts Liardon
The Alley (The Alley  #1), authors: Eleanor Estes, Edward Ardizzone
Pinky Pye (The Pyes  #2), authors: Eleanor Estes, Edward Ardizzone
The Witch Family, authors: Eleanor Estes, Edward Ardizzone
The Hundred Dresses, authors: Eleanor Estes, Louis Slobodkin
Theater Shoes, authors: Noel Streatfeild, Diane Goode
Gemma Alone (Gemma  #3), authors: Noel Streatfeild
When the Siren Wailed, authors: Noel Streatfeild, Judith Gwyn Brown
The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial, authors: Herman Wouk
Band of Brothers: E Company  506th Regiment  101st Airborne from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest, authors: Stephen E. Ambrose
Midnight Riders: The Story of the Allman Brothers Band, authors: Scott  Freeman
Babar's World Tour, authors: Laurent de Brunhoff
The Easter Rabbit's Parade, authors: Lois Lenski
The Little Fire Engine, authors: Lois Lenski
Right Stuff  Wrong Sex: America's First Women in Space Program, authors: Margaret A. Weitekamp
The Right Stuff (To Protect and Defend #3), authors: Merline Lovelace
For Whom the Bell Tolls, authors: Ernest Hemingway
Cliffs Notes on Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises, authors: Gary K. Carey
Dune (Dune #1), authors: Frank Herbert, Domingo Santos
God Emperor of Dune (Dune Chronicles #4), authors: Frank Herbert
Sandworms of Dune (Dune Chronicles #8), authors: Brian Herbert, Kevin J. Anderson
In Harm's Way: The Sinking of the USS Indianapolis and the Extraordinary Story of Its Survivors, authors: Doug Stanton
Harm's Way, authors: Elizabeth Stewart
Harm's Way: Lust & Madness & Murder & Mayhem, authors: Joel-Peter Witkin, Stanley B. Burns
I Like Winter (Seasons  #3), authors: Lois Lenski, Heidi Kilgras
Strawberry Girl, authors: Lois Lenski
Betsy-Tacy and Tib (Betsy-Tacy  #2), authors: Maud Hart Lovelace, Lois Lenski
After Collapse: The Regeneration of Complex Societies, authors: Glenn M. Schwartz
Seize The Fire, authors: Elda Minger
We Were Soldiers Once... and Young: Ia Drang - The Battle that Changed the War in Vietnam, authors: Harold G. Moore, Joseph L. Galloway
We Were Soldiers Once ... and Young (Ia Drang - the Battle That Changed the War in Vietnam), authors: Harold G. Moore, Joseph L. Galloway
We were Soldiers Once... and young, authors: Harold G. Moore, Joseph L. Galloway
Eisenhower: Soldier and President, authors: Stephen E. Ambrose
Dwight D. Eisenhower (The American Presidents  #34), authors: Tom Wicker, Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
Crusade in Europe, authors: Dwight D. Eisenhower
Total Cold War: Eisenhower's Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad, authors: Kenneth Osgood
So Far from God: The U.S. War With Mexico  1846-1848, authors: John S.D. Eisenhower
Yanks: The Epic Story of the American Army in World War I, authors: John S.D. Eisenhower, Joanne Thompson Eisenhower
Eisenhower  Volume #2: The President, authors: Stephen E. Ambrose
The Autobiography of Martin Luther King  Jr., authors: Martin Luther King Jr., Clayborne Carson
Bull Halsey, authors: E.B. Potter
The Water Babies, authors: Charles Kingsley, W. Heath Robinson
Water  Water Everywhere: A Splash & Giggle Bath Book (Baby Einstein), authors: Julie Aigner-Clark, Nadeem Zaidi
Shoot the Piano Player, authors: David Goodis
CliffsNotes on Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, authors: James Lamar Roberts, CliffsNotes, William Shakespeare
Twelfth Night: Or What You Will, authors: William Shakespeare, Elizabeth Story Donno, Penny Gay
How to Spell Like a Champ, authors: Barrie Trinkle, Paige Kimble, Carolyn  Andrews
Black Like Me, authors: John Howard Griffin
Men Are Like Waffles  Women Are Like Spaghetti, authors: Bill Farrel, Pam Farrel
As You Like It, authors: William Shakespeare, Arkangel Cast, Victoria Hamilton, Niamh Cusack, Stephen Mangan
As You Like It, authors: William Shakespeare
As You Like It, authors: William Shakespeare, Juliet Dusinberre
As You Like It (No Fear Shakespeare), authors: William Shakespeare, SparkNotes, John Crowther
War of the Rats, authors: David L. Robbins
Nimitz Class (Admiral Arnold Morgan  #1), authors: Patrick Robinson
Nimitz Class (Admiral Arnold Morgan  #1), authors: Patrick Robinson
Having a Mary Heart in a Martha World: Finding Intimacy with God in the Busyness of Life, authors: Joanna Weaver
Thirst, authors: Mary Oliver
The Gilded Web (Web  #1), authors: Mary Balogh
Resurrection, authors: Leo Tolstoy, Louise Maude, Aylmer Maude
Cold Mountain, authors: Charles Frazier
Red Road From Stalingrad: Recollections of a Soviet Infantryman, authors: Mansur Abdulin, Artem Drabkin
The Fall of Berlin 1945, authors: Antony Beevor
Paris: After the Liberation 1944-1949, authors: Antony Beevor, Artemis Cooper
Demon Angel (The Guardians  #1), authors: Meljean Brook
Mariel Hemingway's Healthy Living from the Inside Out: Every Woman's Guide to Real Beauty  Renewed Energy  and a Radiant Life, authors: Mariel Hemingway
Hemingway vs. Fitzgerald, authors: Scott Donaldson
The Haj, authors: Leon Uris
Mila 18, authors: Leon Uris
A God in Ruins, authors: Leon Uris
Battle Cry, authors: Leon Uris
The Angry Hills, authors: Leon Uris
Exodus, authors: Leon Uris
Oh  Play That Thing, authors: Roddy Doyle
The Van (The Barrytown Trilogy  #3), authors: Roddy Doyle
Fish & Chips (The Barrytown Trilogie  #3), authors: Roddy Doyle, Renate Orth-Guttmann
The Giggler Treatment, authors: Roddy Doyle, Brian Ajhar
A Star Called Henry, authors: Roddy Doyle
The Van, authors: Roddy Doyle
Rover rettet Weihnachten., authors: Roddy Doyle, Brian Ajhar
The Snapper, authors: Roddy Doyle
Yeats Is Dead, authors: Roddy Doyle, Frank McCourt, Conor McPherson, Gene Kerrigan, Gina Moxley, Marian Keyes, Pauline McLynn, Tom Humphries, Joseph O'Connor, Anthony Cronin, Owen O'Neill, Hugo Hamilton, Charlie O'Neill, Gerard Stembridge, Donal O'Kelly
The Fantastic Vampire: Studies in the Children of the Night: Selected Essays from the Eighteenth International Conference on the Fantastic in the Arts, authors: James Craig Holte
A Dracula Handbook, authors: Elizabeth Russell Miller
Real Estate Loopholes: Secrets of Successful Real Estate Investing, authors: Diane  Kennedy, Garrett Sutton, Robert T. Kiyosaki
Hope is the Thing with Feathers: A Personal Chronicle of Vanished Birds, authors: Christopher Cokinos
Goodbye Forever (Sweet Dreams  #72), authors: Barbara Conklin
Winter Dreams (Sweet Dreams  #141), authors: Barbara Conklin
First  Last and Always (Sweet Dreams  #96), authors: Barbara Conklin
P.S. I Love You (Sealed with a Kiss #4), authors: Valerie Parv
PS I Love You Baby Collection, authors: Lynda Milligan, Nancy J. Smith
Tales from Margaritaville, authors: Jimmy Buffett
A Pirate Looks at Fifty, authors: Jimmy Buffett, Leona Nevler
The Parrot-Head Companion: An Insider's Guide to Jimmy Buffett, authors: Thomas Ryan
The Dog Who Loved Too Much: Tales  Treatments and the Psychology of Dogs, authors: Nicholas Dodman
Barack Obama: Working to Make a Difference, authors: Marlene Targ Brill, Lerner Publishing Group
Great Speeches by African Americans: Frederick Douglass  Sojourner Truth  Dr. Martin Luther King  Jr.  Barack Obama  and Others, authors: James Daley, Barack Obama, Martin Luther King Jr.
The Heart of a Leader, authors: Kenneth H. Blanchard
Mission Possible, authors: Kenneth H. Blanchard
Lead Like Jesus: Lessons from the Greatest Leadership Role Model of All Time, authors: Kenneth H. Blanchard, Phil Hodges
The Little Book of Coaching: Motivating People to Be Winners, authors: Kenneth H. Blanchard, Don Shula
Full Steam Ahead!: Unleash the Power of Vision in Your Work and Your Life, authors: Kenneth H. Blanchard, Jesse Stoner
The Servant Leader, authors: Kenneth H. Blanchard
Down Under, authors: Bill Bryson
A Walk in the Woods: Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail, authors: Bill Bryson
Bizarre World, authors: Bill  Bryson, Kathryn Lamb
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid: A Memoir, authors: Bill Bryson
Bill Bryson: The Complete Notes, authors: Bill Bryson
Motel Blues, authors: Bill Bryson, David B. Ellis
Journeys in English, authors: Bill Bryson
Una breve historia de casi todo, authors: Bill Bryson, José Manuel Álvarez
Lover Revealed (Black Dagger Brotherhood  #4), authors: J.R. Ward
Dark Lover (Black Dagger Brotherhood  #1), authors: J.R. Ward
Lover Awakened (Black Dagger Brotherhood  #3), authors: J.R. Ward
All Things Wise and Wonderful, authors: James Herriot
CliffsNotes on Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front, authors: Susan Van Kirk, CliffsNotes, Erich Maria Remarque
All Quiet on the Western Front, authors: Erich Maria Remarque
The Nightingale's Song, authors: Kathleen Eschenburg
Nightingale's Song, authors: Kate Pennington
Gai-Jin (Asian Saga  #3), authors: James Clavell
Whirlwind (Asian Saga  #6), authors: James Clavell
Tai-Pan (Asian Saga  #2), authors: James Clavell
Escape: The Love Story from Whirlwind, authors: James Clavell
Alaska, authors: James A. Michener
The Drifters, authors: James A. Michener
Sayonara, authors: James A. Michener
The Bridge at Andau, authors: James A. Michener
Caribbean, authors: James A. Michener
War and Remembrance (The Henry Family  #2), authors: Herman Wouk
Don't Stop the Carnival, authors: Herman Wouk
The Hope (The Hope and the Glory  #1), authors: Herman Wouk
Youngblood Hawke, authors: Herman Wouk
Aurora Dawn, authors: Herman Wouk
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, authors: Mark Haddon
A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier, authors: Ishmael Beah
Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down, authors: Ishmael Reed
Anthem, authors: Ayn Rand
Sorrow's Anthem (Lincoln Perry  #2), authors: Michael Koryta
White Fang, authors: Jack London
The Call of the Wild  White Fang and Other Stories, authors: Jack London
White Fang, authors: Kathleen Olmstead, Jack London, Dan Andreasen, Arthur Pober
The Sea-Wolf and Selected Stories, authors: Jack London, Ben Bova
The Death of an Irish Sea Wolf (Peter McGarr  #12), authors: Bartholomew Gill
Jack London Illustrated: The Call of the Wild/White Fang/The Sea-Wolf/40 Short Stories, authors: Jack London
The Sea Wolf, authors: Jack London
Kilo Class (Admiral Arnold Morgan  #2), authors: Patrick Robinson
Barracuda 945 (Admiral Arnold Morgan  #6), authors: Patrick Robinson
H.M.S. Unseen (Admiral Arnold Morgan  #3), authors: Patrick Robinson, Sandler, David McCallum
Slider, authors: Patrick Robinson
U.S.S. Seawolf (Admiral Arnold Morgan  #4), authors: Patrick Robinson
Menace Invisible (Admiral Arnold Morgan  #3), authors: Patrick Robinson
True Blue: The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny, authors: Daniel Topolski, Patrick Robinson
A Picture Book of Anne Frank, authors: David A. Adler, Karen Ritz
Who Was Anne Frank?, authors: Ann Abramson, Nancy Harrison
Enslaved by Ducks, authors: Bob Tarte
Ice Castles, authors: Leonore Fleischer
Marching Powder: A True Story of Friendship  Cocaine  and South America's Strangest Jail, authors: Rusty Young, Thomas McFadden
Marching Powder, authors: Rusty Young
Nations and Nationalism since 1780: Programme  Myth  Reality, authors: Eric Hobsbawm
Interesting Times: A Twentieth-Century Life, authors: Eric Hobsbawm
Industry and Empire: The Birth of the Industrial Revolution, authors: Eric Hobsbawm, Chris Wrigley
The Communist Manifesto, authors: Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Eric Hobsbawm
On the Edge of the New Century, authors: Eric Hobsbawm, Allan Cameron, Antonio Polito
The Age of Extremes: The Short Twentieth Century  1914-1991, authors: Eric Hobsbawm
Echoes of the Marseillaise: Two Centuries Look Back on the French Revolution, authors: Eric Hobsbawm
Winter Is the Warmest Season, authors: Lauren Stringer
Winter (Four Seasons  #4), authors: Núria Roca, Rosa María Curto
It's Winter, authors: Linda Glaser, Glaser Linda, Susan Swan
Winter Season: A Dancer's Journal, authors: Toni Bentley
Twilight of the Idols/The Anti-Christ, authors: Friedrich Nietzsche, Michael Tanner
Practical DV Filmmaking, authors: Russell Evans
Diana Vreeland, authors: Eleanor Dwight
Inventive Paris clothes: 1909-1939 - a photographic essay, authors: Diana Vreeland, Irving Penn
Brown V. Board of Education: A Civil Rights Milestone and Its Troubled Legacy, authors: James T. Patterson
Henry V, authors: William Shakespeare, Stephen Orgel, A.R. Braunmuller, Claire McEachern
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy: Towards a Radical Democratic Politics, authors: Ernesto Laclau, Chantal Mouffe
On Populist Reason, authors: Ernesto Laclau
Contingency  Hegemony  Universality: Contemporary Dialogues on the Left, authors: Judith Butler, Ernesto Laclau, Slavoj Žižek
The Meaning of Life, authors: Terry Eagleton
Sweet Violence: The Idea of the Tragic, authors: Terry Eagleton
The English Novel: An Introduction, authors: Terry Eagleton
MySQL Cookbook, authors: Paul DuBois
High Performance MySQL: Optimization  Backups  Replication & Load Balancing, authors: Jeremy D. Zawodny, Derek J. Balling
Not Without My Daughter, authors: Betty Mahmoody
Aman: The Story of a Somali Girl, authors: Virginia Lee Barnes
Amanda's Story (The Girls of Lighthouse Lane #4), authors: Thomas Kinkade, Erika Tamar
Lizabeth's Story (The Girls of Lighthouse Lane #3), authors: Thomas Kinkade, Erika Tamar
Kids Are Worth It!: Giving Your Child the Gift of Inner Discipline, authors: Barbara Coloroso
Creating a Life Worth Living, authors: Carol Lloyd
Happy Endings: Finishing the Edges of Your Quilts, authors: Mimi Dietrich
Unspeakable Truths and Happy Endings: Human Cruelty and the New Trauma Therapy, authors: Rebecca Coffey
Year's Happy Ending, authors: Betty Neels
Trail of Tears: The Rise and Fall of the Cherokee Nation, authors: John Ehle
The Trail of Tears, authors: Joseph Bruchac, Diana Magnuson
Are You Afraid of the Dark?, authors: Sidney Sheldon
Nothing Lasts Forever, authors: Sidney Sheldon
Rage of Angels, authors: Sidney Sheldon
He Sees You When You're Sleeping, authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Carol Higgins Clark
My Gal Sunday, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
We'll Meet Again, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
All Through the Night, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
The Night Awakens: A Mystery Writers of America Anthology, authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Angela Zeman, Noreen Ayres, Sally Cabot Gunning, Joseph Hansen, Sarah Shankman, Nancy Pickard, Eleanor Taylor Bland, Brendan DuBois, Edward D. Hoch, Loren D. Estleman
Where Are the Children?, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
The Second Time Around, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
You Belong To Me, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
Stowaway and Milk Run: Two Unabridged Stories From Mary Higgins Clark, authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Jan Maxwell
The Christmas Thief (Regan Reilly Mysteries  #9), authors: Mary Higgins Clark, Carol Higgins Clark
Kitchen Privileges: A Memoir, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
I'll Be Seeing You, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
Mount Vernon Love Story: A Novel of George and Martha Washington, authors: Mary Higgins Clark
Inventing the People: The Rise of Popular Sovereignty in England and America, authors: Edmund S. Morgan
Benjamin Franklin, authors: Edmund S. Morgan
American Slavery  American Freedom, authors: Edmund S. Morgan
The Puritan Dilemma: The Story of John Winthrop, authors: Edmund S. Morgan
Thomas Jefferson: Author of America, authors: Christopher Hitchens
No One Left to Lie to: The Values of the Worst Family, authors: Christopher Hitchens
The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice, authors: Christopher Hitchens
Unacknowledged Legislation: Writers in the Public Sphere, authors: Christopher Hitchens
For the Sake of Argument: Essays and Minority Reports, authors: Christopher Hitchens
The Trial of Henry Kissinger, authors: Christopher Hitchens
A Long Short War: The Postponed Liberation of Iraq, authors: Christopher Hitchens
Blaming the Victims: Spurious Scholarship and the Palestinian Question, authors: Edward W. Said, Christopher Hitchens
Unacknowledged Legislation: Writers in the Public Sphere, authors: Christopher Hitchens
1968: War and Democracy, authors: Eugene J. McCarthy, Christopher Hitchens
Orwell in Spain: The Full Text of Homage to Catalonia  with Associated Articles  Reviews and Letters from the Complete Works of George Orwell, authors: George Orwell, Christopher Hitchens
Prepared for the Worst: Selected Essays and Minority Reports, authors: Christopher Hitchens
Hons and Rebels, authors: Jessica Mitford, Christopher Hitchens
Alles ist erleuchtet, authors: Jonathan Safran Foer, Dirk van Gunsteren
How to Be Lost, authors: Amanda Eyre Ward
The Complete Stories of Theodore Sturgeon  Volume 7: A Saucer of Loneliness, authors: Theodore Sturgeon, Paul Williams, Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Surviving Justice: America's Wrongfully Convicted and Exonerated, authors: Scott Turow, Lola Vollen, Dave Eggers
McSweeney's #14, authors: Dave Eggers
The Best of McSweeney's  Vol. 2, authors: Dave Eggers
Une oeuvre déchirante d'un génie renversant, authors: Dave Eggers, Michelle Herpe-Volinsky
The Tenants of Moonbloom, authors: Edward Lewis Wallant, Dave Eggers
McSweeney's #18, authors: Dave Eggers
McSweeney's #19, authors: Dave Eggers, T. Coraghessan Boyle, Adam Golaski, Sean Casey, Brendan Connell
McSweeney's #11, authors: Dave Eggers, A.G. Pasquella, Brent Hoff, Stephen Elliott, Daphne Beal, Denis Johnson, Tom Bissell, Sean Warren, Samantha Hunt, Robert Olmstead, T. Coraghessan Boyle, David Means, Doug Dorst, Joyce Carol Oates, McSweeney's Publishing
Forty Stories, authors: Donald Barthelme
A Tramp Abroad, authors: Mark Twain, Dave Eggers
Flores en el ático, authors: V.C. Andrews, Jesús Pardo
Black Cat (Gemini  #2), authors: V.C. Andrews
Shooting Stars (Shooting Stars  #1-4), authors: V.C. Andrews
Scattered Leaves (Early Spring  #2), authors: V.C. Andrews
Rose (Shooting Stars  #3), authors: V.C. Andrews
Ice (Shooting Stars  #2), authors: V.C. Andrews
Into the Woods (De Beers  #4), authors: V.C. Andrews
Ruby (Landry  #1), authors: V.C. Andrews
Criss Cross, authors: Lynne Rae Perkins
The Criss Cross, authors: Crystal Lacey Winslow
Honey (Shooting Stars  #4), authors: V.C. Andrews
Raven (Orphans  #4), authors: V.C. Andrews
Fulgor oculto (Landry  #3), authors: V.C. Andrews, Elisa Cerdan
Hidden Leaves (De Beers  #5), authors: V.C. Andrews
Music in the Night (Logan  #4), authors: V.C. Andrews
Runaways (Orphans  #5), authors: V.C. Andrews
Child of Darkness (Gemini  #3), authors: V.C. Andrews
Die Flucht der Waisen (Die Orphan-Saga  #5), authors: V.C. Andrews, Susanne Althoetmar-Smarczyk
Dornen des Glücks (Das Erbe von Foxworth Hall  #3), authors: V.C. Andrews, Michael Görden
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Harry Potter  #1), authors: J.K. Rowling
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (Harry Potter  #4), authors: J.K. Rowling
Sun-Kissed (The Au Pairs #3), authors: Melissa de la Cruz
Crazy Hot (The Au Pairs  #4), authors: Melissa de la Cruz
The Au Pairs (The Au Pairs #1), authors: Melissa de la Cruz
Wooden: A Lifetime of Observations and Reflections On and Off the Court, authors: John Wooden, Steve Jamison
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories, authors: Robert Louis Stevenson, Jenny Davidson
The Once and Future King (The Once and Future King  #1-4), authors: T.H. White
Rose of No Man's Land, authors: Michelle Tea
The Roses of No Man's Land, authors: Lyn Macdonald
The Quitter, authors: Harvey Pekar, Dean Haspiel
The Best American Comics 2006, authors: Harvey Pekar, Anne Elizabeth Moore, Esther Pearl Watson, Lilli Carré, Robert Crumb, Chris Ware, Kim Deitch, Jaime Hernández, Alison Bechdel, Joe Sacco, Lynda Barry, Justin Hall, Joel Priddy, Anders Nilsen, David Lasky, Ben Katchor, Rebecca Dart, Ivan Brunetti, Jonathan   Bennett, John Porcellino, David Heatley, Lloyd Dangle, Hob, Gilbert Shelton, Olivia Schanzer, Alex Robinson, Jessica Abel, Seth Tobocman, Rick Geary, Tom Hart, Kurt Wolfgang, Jesse Reklaw
The New American Splendor Anthology: From Off the Streets of Cleveland, authors: Harvey Pekar
American Splendor: Another Day, authors: Harvey Pekar, Ty Templeton, Eddie Campbell, Hilary Barta
Face Off: How to Draw Amazing Caricatures & Comic Portraits, authors: Harry Hamernik
David Boring, authors: Daniel Clowes
Lout Rampage!, authors: Daniel Clowes
The Campfire Collection: Spine-tingling Tales to Tell in the Dark, authors: Eric B. Martin, George R. Stewart, Peter Matthiessen, Robert W. Service, Judith M. Brueske, Anthony Boucher, Tobias Wolff, John Long, Frank Norris, Beryl Bainbridge, Greg Child, Marc Reisner, Haruki Murakami, Jack London, Edgar Allan Poe, Paul Bowles, Larry Kanuit
The People of Paper, authors: Salvador Plascencia
The Gunslinger's Bride (Montana Mavericks: Historicals #1), authors: Cheryl St. John
Two Brothers: The Lawman / The Gunslinger (Two Brothers  #1-2), authors: Linda Lael Miller
The Gunslinger (Two Brothers  #2), authors: Linda Lael Miller
The Gunslinger, authors: Mary McBride
Gunslinger and Nine Other Action-Packed Stories of the Wild West, authors: Ed Gorman, Bill Pronzini
Leadership and the One Minute Manager: Increasing Effectiveness Through Situational Leadership, authors: Kenneth H. Blanchard, Drea Zigarmi, Patricia Zigarmi
Atlantic Shift, authors: Emily Barr
Water for Elephants, authors: Sara Gruen
Something Borrowed, authors: Rebecca Hagan Lee
Double-Cross (Athena Force #4), authors: Meredith Fletcher
McNally's Alibi (Archy McNally Novels), authors: Vincent Lardo, Lawrence Sanders
McNally's Puzzle (Archy McNally  #6), authors: Lawrence Sanders
McNally's Caper (Archy McNally  #4), authors: Lawrence Sanders
The First Deadly Sin (Deadly Sins  #2), authors: Lawrence Sanders
First Deadly Sin, authors: Lawrence Sanders
The Anderson Tapes (Deadly Sins #1), authors: Lawrence Sanders
A Garden Of Vipers (Carson Ryder  #3), authors: Jack Kerley
The Death Collectors (Carson Ryder  #2), authors: Jack Kerley
The Master, authors: Colm Tóibín
The South, authors: Colm Tóibín
The Blackwater Lightship, authors: Colm Tóibín
The Sign of the Cross: Travels in Catholic Europe, authors: Colm Tóibín
Through the Arc of the Rain Forest, authors: Karen Tei Yamashita
Tropic of Orange, authors: Karen Tei Yamashita
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs (MIT Electrical Engineering and Computer Science), authors: Harold Abelson, Gerald Jay Sussman, Julie Sussman
Crooked Little Vein, authors: Warren Ellis
Fell, authors: Warren Ellis, Ben Templesmith
Hellblazer: Setting Sun, authors: Warren Ellis, Frank Teran, Tim Bradstreet, Javier Pulido, James Romberger, Marcelo Frusín
NextWave: Agents of H.A.T.E.  Vol. 1: This is What They Want, authors: Warren Ellis, Stuart Immonen, Wade Von Grawbadger, Dave McCaig
Desolation Jones: Made in England, authors: Warren Ellis, J.H. Williams III
Iron Man: Extremis, authors: Warren Ellis, Adi Granov
The Authority  Vol. 2: Under New Management, authors: Warren Ellis, Mark Millar, Bryan Hitch, Frank Quitely
Azumanga Daioh  Vol. 3 (Azumanga Daioh  #3), authors: Kiyohiko Azuma, あずま きよひこ
The Queen of the Damned (The Vampire Chronicles  #3), authors: Anne Rice
La regina dei dannati, authors: Anne Rice, Roberta Rambelli
Interview with the Vampire (The Vampire Chronicles  #1), authors: Anne Rice
Cántico de sangre (Crónicas Vampíricas  #10), authors: Anne Rice, Camila Batlles
Vampire Chronicles: Interview with the Vampire  The Vampire Lestat  The Queen of the Damned (Anne Rice), authors: Anne Rice, Robert O'Keefe, F. Murray Abraham, Michael York, Kate Nelligan, David Purdham
Merrick (The Vampire Chronicles #7), authors: Anne Rice
La reina de los condenados (Crónicas Vampíricas  #3), authors: Anne Rice
The Vampire Companion, authors: Katherine Ramsland, Anne Rice
The Feast of All Saints, authors: Anne Rice
Exit to Eden, authors: Anne Rampling, Anne Rice
Anne Rice's The Vampire Lestat: A Graphic Novel, authors: Faye Perozich, Anne Rice, John Bolton, Daerick Gröss
Entrevista con el vampiro (Crónicas vampíricas  #1), authors: Anne Rice, Marcelo Covián
The Vampire Lestat (The Vampire Chronicles  #2), authors: Anne Rice
El Mesías: El niño judío, authors: Anne Rice, Luis Murillo
Anne Rice Value Collection: Mayfair Witches (Lives of the Mayfair Witches #1-3), authors: Anne Rice, Joe Morton, Tim Curry, Lindsay Crouse
Merrick (Crónicas Vampíricas  #7), authors: Anne Rice
Vittorio the Vampire (New Tales of the Vampires  #2), authors: Anne Rice
The Feast Of All Saints, authors: Anne Rice
The Unauthorized Anne Rice Companion, authors: George Beahm
When Christ and His Saints Slept  (Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine  #1), authors: Sharon Kay Penman
The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams and Reaching Your Destiny, authors: Robin S. Sharma
The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable about Fulfilling Your Dreams and Reaching Your Destiny (Revised), authors: Robin S. Sharma
Phantom (Sword of Truth  #10), authors: Terry Goodkind
The Sword of Truth  Boxed Set I: Wizard's First Rule  Blood of the Fold  Stone of Tears (Sword of Truth  #1-3), authors: Terry Goodkind
Wizard's First Rule (Sword of Truth  #1), authors: Terry Goodkind
Naked Empire (Sword of Truth  #8), authors: Terry Goodkind
Legends 2 (Legends 1  Volume 2of3), authors: Robert Silverberg, Terry Goodkind, George R.R. Martin, Anne McCaffrey
Naked Empire (Sword of Truth  #8), authors: Terry Goodkind
The Wood Boy / The Burning Man, authors: Raymond E. Feist, Tad Williams, Mat Broome, Robin Gillespie, Sean J. Jordan, Brett Booth
The King's Buccaneer (Krondor's Sons  #2), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Magician: Apprentice Volume 1  (Raymond E. Feist's Magician: Apprentice #1), authors: Raymond E. Feist, Michael Avon Oeming, Bryan J.L. Glass, Ryan Stegman
Magician (The Riftwar Saga  #1-2), authors: Raymond E. Feist
Faerie Tale, authors: Raymond E. Feist
Promise Me (Myron Bolitar  #8), authors: Harlan Coben
The Final Detail (Myron Bolitar  #6), authors: Harlan Coben
The Innocent, authors: Harlan Coben
No Second Chance, authors: Harlan Coben
Darkest Fear (Myron Bolitar  #7), authors: Harlan Coben
Gone for Good, authors: Harlan Coben
Drop Shot (Myron Bolitar  #2), authors: Harlan Coben, Martine Leconte
Tell No One, authors: Harlan Coben
The Aeneid: A New Prose Translation, authors: Virgil, David   West
The Complete Odes and Epodes, authors: Horace, David   West
Object Thinking, authors: David      West
Left Foot Forward: A Year in the Life of a Journeyman Footballer, authors: Garry Nelson
Apologia Pro Vita Sua (A Defense of One's Life), authors: John Henry Newman
Margherita Dolce Vita, authors: Stefano Benni, Antony Shugaar
Living La Dolce Vita: Bring the Passion  Laughter  and Serenity of Italy Into Your Daily Life, authors: Raeleen D'Agostino Mautner
The Letters of Vita Sackville-West and Virginia Woolf, authors: Louise DeSalvo, Mitchell Alexander Leaska, Vita Sackville-West, Virginia Woolf
Vita, authors: Melania G. Mazzucco, Virginia Jewiss
The Church in Emerging Culture: Five Perspectives, authors: Leonard Sweet, Brian D. McLaren, Erwin Raphael McManus, Michael S. Horton, Frederica Matthewes-Green, Andy Crouch
A History of the World in 10½  Chapters, authors: Julian Barnes
Life Is a Caravanserai, authors: Emine Sevgi Özdamar, Luise von Flotow
True Evil, authors: Greg Iles
The Quiet Game (Penn Cage #1), authors: Greg Iles
Trapped (Mississippi #2), authors: Greg Iles
The Footprints of God, authors: Greg Iles
Dead Sleep, authors: Greg Iles
Small Island, authors: Andrea Levy
Never Far From Nowhere, authors: Andrea Levy
Shield of Thunder (Troy  #2), authors: David Gemmell, Željko Petrović
Shield of Thunder (Troy  #2), authors: David Gemmell
Historia de una Gaviota y del Gato Que le Enseñó a Volar, authors: Luis Sepúlveda, Chris Sheban
Full Circle: A South American Journey, authors: Luis Sepúlveda, Chris Andrews
Looking East, authors: Steve McCurry
Masters of Small Worlds: Yeoman Households  Gender Relations  and the Political Culture of the Antebellum South Carolina Low Country, authors: Stephanie McCurry
Borges and The Eternal Orangutans, authors: Luis Fernando Verissimo, Margaret Jull Costa
A Universal History of Iniquity, authors: Jorge Luis Borges, Andrew Hurley
Jorge Luis Borges, authors: Nextext, McDougal Publishing Staff
Odes to Common Things, authors: Pablo Neruda, Ferris Cook, Ken Krabbenhoft
Full Woman  Fleshly Apple  Hot Moon: Selected Poems, authors: Pablo Neruda, Stephen Mitchell
Maps for Lost Lovers, authors: Nadeem Aslam
Phantom Pain, authors: Arnon Grunberg, Sam Garrett
The Ethics and Politics of Asylum: Liberal Democracy and the Response to Refugees, authors: Matthew J. Gibney
Arkham Asylum: Living Hell, authors: Dan Slott, Ryan Sook, Wade Von Grawbadger, Jim Royal
Blackout (Kat Bronsky #2), authors: John J. Nance
Design Like You Give a Damn: Architectural Responses to Humanitarian Crises, authors: Architecture For Humanity, Cameron Sinclair
The Winter's Tale, authors: William Shakespeare, Susan Snyder, Deborah T. Curren-Aquino
The Bar on the Seine, authors: Georges Simenon, David Watson
Maigret in Holland, authors: Georges Simenon
The Man Who Watched Trains Go By, authors: Georges Simenon, Marc Romano, D. Thin, Luc Sante
Maigret and the Killer, authors: Georges Simenon, Lyn Moir
Lock 14, authors: Georges Simenon, Robert Baldick
The Madman of Bergerac, authors: Georges Simenon
Dirty Snow, authors: Georges Simenon, Marc Romano, William T. Vollmann
The Man Who Wasn't Maigret: A Portrait of Georges Simenon, authors: Patrick Marnham
Maigret à New York (Maigret  #27), authors: Georges Simenon
The Engagement, authors: Georges Simenon, Anna Moschovakis, John N. Gray
Mon Ami Maigret, authors: Georges Simenon
Maigret and the Headless Corpse, authors: Georges Simenon, Eileen Ellenbogen
Maigret Loses His Temper (Maigret  #61), authors: Georges Simenon
The Looking Glass Wars, authors: Frank Beddor
Rash, authors: Pete Hautman
Saints at the River, authors: Ron Rash
The World Made Straight, authors: Ron Rash
Eureka Mill, authors: Ron Rash
Chemistry and Other Stories, authors: Ron Rash
Monster, authors: Walter Dean Myers
The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster, authors: Bobby Henderson
The Monster at the End of this Book, authors: Jon Stone, Michael J. Smollin
The Sea of Monsters (Percy Jackson and the Olympians  #2), authors: Rick Riordan
Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member, authors: Sanyika Shakur
Monster Island (Monster Island  #1), authors: David Wellington
The Frog King, authors: Frank McConnell
I Should Be Extremely Happy in Your Company: A Novel of Lewis and Clark, authors: Brian Hall
D.B., authors: Elwood Reid
Lincoln, authors: Gore Vidal
Lincoln (Narratives of a Golden Age), authors: Gore Vidal
The Silver Pigs (Marcus Didius Falco  #1), authors: Lindsey Davis
The Silver Pigs (Marcus Didius Falco  #1), authors: Lindsey Davis
The Silver Pigs, authors: Lindsey Davis, Mary Cutler, Anton Lesser, Fritha Goodey
Judas Pig, authors: Horace  Silver
The Civil War  Vol. 1: Fort Sumter to Perryville, authors: Shelby Foote
The Beleaguered City: The Vicksburg Campaign, authors: Shelby Foote
Stars in Their Courses: The Gettysburg Campaign  June-July 1863, authors: Shelby Foote
La telaraña de Carlota, authors: E.B. White, Guillermo Solana, Garth Williams
Toujours Provence, authors: Peter Mayle
The American Heritage New History of the Civil War, authors: Bruce Catton, James M. McPherson
The Confident Child, authors: Terri Apter
Your Child's Self-Esteem: Step-by-Step Guidelines for Raising Responsible  Productive  Happy Children, authors: Dorothy Corkille Briggs
Smart Discipline: Fast  Lasting Solutions for Your Child's Self-Esteem and Your Peace of Mind, authors: Larry J. Koenig
Reading in the Dark, authors: Seamus Deane
Alphabet Weekends, authors: Elizabeth Noble
A Cargo of Women: Susannah Watson and the Convicts of the Princess Royal, authors: Babette Smith
The Rose and the Beast: Fairy Tales Retold, authors: Francesca Lia Block
I Was a Teenage Fairy, authors: Francesca Lia Block
Firebirds Rising: An Anthology of Original Science Fiction and Fantasy, authors: Sharyn November, Francesca Lia Block, Diana Wynne Jones, Ellen Klages, Sharon Shinn, Patricia A. McKillip, Emma Bull, Kelly Link, Tamora Pierce, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Alison Goodman, Charles de Lint, Kara Dalkey, Alan Dean Foster, Carol Emshwiller, Tanith Lee, Pamela Dean
Witch Baby (Weetzie Bat  #2), authors: Francesca Lia Block
Goat Girls (Weetzie Bat  #2-3), authors: Francesca Lia Block
Beautiful Boys (Weetzie Bat  #4-5), authors: Francesca Lia Block
Weetzie Bat (Weetzie Bat  #1), authors: Francesca Lia Block
Velvet Elvis: Repainting the Christian Faith, authors: Rob Bell
Man Walks Into a Room, authors: Nicole Krauss
Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts, authors: Milan Kundera, Linda Asher, فروغ پوریاوری
Too Busy Not to Pray: Slowing Down to Be With God, authors: Bill Hybels, Lavonne Neff
Becoming a Contagious Christian, authors: Bill Hybels, Mark Mittelberg
Courageous Faith Through the Year, authors: Bill Hybels, Keri Wyatt Kent
Becoming a Contagious Christian Leader's Guide: Communicating Your Faith in a Style That Fits You, authors: Mark Mittelberg, Lee Strobel
A" Is for Abductive : The Language of the Emerging Church, authors: Leonard Sweet, Brian D. McLaren
The Church on the Other Side: Doing Ministry in the Postmodern Matrix, authors: Brian D. McLaren
Great Russian Short Stories, authors: Paul Negri, Alexander Pushkin, Maxim Gorky, Aleksandr Ivanovich Kuprin, Leonid Andreyev, Nikolai Gogol, Ivan Turgenev, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Leo Tolstoy, Nicholay Leskov, Vsevolod Garshin, Anton Chekhov, Theodor Sologub
The Portable Dorothy Parker, authors: Dorothy Parker, Marion Meade, Seth
Not Much Fun: The Lost Poems of Dorothy Parker, authors: Dorothy Parker, Stuart Y. Silverstein
The Collected Dorothy Parker, authors: Dorothy Parker, Brendan Gill
The Killer Angels: A Novel of the Civil War (The Civil War Trilogy  #2), authors: Michael Shaara
The Killer Angels, authors: Michael Shaara, Stephen Hoye
The Killer Angels (The Civil War Trilogy  #2), authors: Michael Shaara
Architecture and Tourism: Perception  Performance and Place, authors: D. Medina Lasansky
The Last Eyewitness: The Final Week, authors: Chris Seay, Rob Pepper, Brian D. McLaren
The Best American Essays 2006, authors: Lauren Slater, Robert Atwan
The Best American Spiritual Writing 2006, authors: Philip Zaleski, Peter J. Gomes
The Best American Travel Writing 2006, authors: Tim Cahill
The Best American Crime Writing 2006, authors: Mark Bowden, Otto Penzler, Thomas H. Cook, S.C. Gwynne, Paige Williams, Mary Battiata, Howard Blum, John Connolly, Richard Rubin, Chuck Hustmyre, David Friedman, Denise Grollmus, Deanne Stillman, Jeffrey Toobin, Skip Hollandsworth, Jimmy Breslin, John Heilemann, Mark Jacobson, Robert Nelson
How Democratic Is the American Constitution?, authors: Robert A. Dahl
The Roald Dahl Omnibus: Perfect Bedtime Stories for Sleepless Nights, authors: Roald Dahl
A Preface to Democratic Theory, authors: Robert A. Dahl
Matilda, authors: Roald Dahl, Joely Richardson
Kiss Kiss, authors: Roald Dahl
Roald Dahl: A Biography, authors: Jeremy Treglown
Matilda, authors: Roald Dahl, Rula Lenska, Sian Thomas, Christopher Timothy
The Adventures of Charlie and Mr. Willy Wonka: A Fully Dramatized Recording, authors: Roald Dahl
Fantastic Mr Fox and Other Animal Stories, authors: Roald Dahl
Hood, authors: Emma Donoghue
Landing, authors: Emma Donoghue
Touchy Subjects, authors: Emma Donoghue
Kissing the Witch: Old Tales in New Skins, authors: Emma Donoghue
Life Mask, authors: Emma Donoghue
Stir-Fry, authors: Emma Donoghue
Poems Between Women: Four Centuries of Love  Romantic Friendship  and Desire, authors: Emma Donoghue
What Sappho Would Have Said, authors: Emma Donoghue
Mammoth Book Of Lesbian Short Stories (Mammoth Books), authors: Emma Donoghue
Slammerkin, authors: Emma Donoghue
We Are Michael Field, authors: Emma Donoghue, Nick Drake
Life is Elsewhere, authors: Milan Kundera, Aaron Asher
Todo está iluminado, authors: Jonathan Safran Foer
Hart's Hope, authors: Orson Scott Card
Firefighters in the Dark, authors: Dashka Slater, Nicoletta Ceccoli
Wide Sargasso Sea, authors: Jean Rhys
Wide Sargasso Sea, authors: Jean Rhys
Marcel Proust: On Art and Literature 1896-1919, authors: Marcel Proust, Sylvia Townsend Warner
Remembrance of Things Past (Boxed Set), authors: Marcel Proust, C.K. Scott Moncrieff, Frederick A. Blossom, Joseph Wood Crutch
The Complete Green Letters, authors: Miles J. Stanford
Naked, authors: David Sedaris, Amy Sedaris
The Last Shot: City Streets  Basketball Dreams, authors: Darcy Frey
The Inner Sanctum, authors: Stephen W. Frey
Life on Planet Rock: From Guns N' Roses to NIRVana  a Backstage Journey Through Rock's Most Debauched Decade, authors: Lonn M. Friend
Principle-Centered Leadership, authors: Stephen R. Covey
7 hábitos de las familias altamente efectivas, authors: Stephen R. Covey
Fablehaven (Fablehaven  #1), authors: Brandon Mull
Queen of Sorcery (The Belgariad  #2), authors: David Eddings
Castle of Wizardry (The Belgariad  #4), authors: David Eddings
The Leadership Challenge: Skills for Taking Charge, authors: Warren G. Bennis
Fullmetal Alchemist  Vol. 6 (Fullmetal Alchemist  #6), authors: Hiromu Arakawa, Akira Watanabe
The Elements of Typographic Style, authors: Robert Bringhurst
The Elements of Visual Style: The Basics of Print Design for Every PC and Mac User, authors: Robert W. Harris
Graphic Design Solutions, authors: Robin Landa
The Mask of the Enchantress, authors: Victoria Holt
Secret for a Nightingale, authors: Victoria Holt
The Silk Vendetta, authors: Victoria Holt
Curse Of The Kings, authors: Victoria Holt
Purple Cane Road (Dave Robicheaux  #11), authors: James Lee Burke
Parliament of Whores: A Lone Humorist Attempts to Explain the Entire U.S. Government, authors: P.J. O'Rourke
Monkeewrench (Monkeewrench  #1), authors: P.J. Tracy
P. J. Funnybunny Camps Out, authors: Marilyn Sadler, Roger Bollen
Lo único que no podrás hacer en el cielo, authors: Mark Cahill
The Moon And Sixpence, authors: W. Somerset Maugham
De profundis, authors: Oscar Wilde
Un amour de swann (À la recherche du temps perdu  #1.2), authors: Marcel Proust
Serious Girls, authors: Maxine Swann
Deadly Love (Francesca Cahill Deadly  #1), authors: Brenda Joyce
Exiled in Paris: Richard Wright  James Baldwin  Samuel Beckett and Others on the Left Bank, authors: James    Campbell
The Price of the Ticket: Collected Nonfiction  1948-1985, authors: James Baldwin
2006 International Building Code, authors: International Code Council (ICC)
Einstein's Monsters, authors: Martin Amis, Erroll McDonald
Code Check Electrical: An Illustrated Guide to Wiring a Safe House, authors: Michael      Casey, Redwood Kardon, Douglas Hansen
International Building Code 2003, authors: International Code Council (ICC)
The Major Works, authors: Alexander Pope, Pat Rogers
Poetry and Prose of Alexander Pope (Riverside Editions), authors: Alexander Pope, Aubrey Williams
Illustrated Guide to the NEC: Based on the 2005 National Electric Code, authors: Charles R. Miller
Surfer's Code: Twelve Simple Lessons For Riding Through Life, authors: Shaun Tomson, Patrick Moser
Code Orange, authors: Caroline B. Cooney
Code, authors: Charles Petzold
Brando Unzipped: A Revisionist and Very Private Look at America's Greatest Actor, authors: Darwin Porter
The Kid Stays in the Picture, authors: Robert  Evans
Measle and the Dragodon, authors: Ian Ogilvy
The Unpublished David Ogilvy, authors: David Ogilvy, Joel Raphaelson
The Alchemist’s Kitchen: Extraordinary Potions & Curious Notions, authors: Guy Ogilvy
Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within, authors: Natalie Goldberg
Black Hawk Down: A Story of Modern War, authors: Mark Bowden
Writing Secure Code, authors: Michael  Howard, David LeBlanc
Working Effectively with Legacy Code, authors: Michael C. Feathers
Explode the Code 1, authors: Nancy Hall
Down the Long Hills, authors: Louis L'Amour
The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters (Miss Temple  Doctor Svenson  and Cardinal Chang  #1), authors: Gordon Dahlquist
Breaking the Maya Code, authors: Michael D. Coe
Refactoring: Improving the Design of Existing Code, authors: Martin Fowler, Kent Beck, Don Roberts, Erich Gamma
The Heart's Code: Tapping the Wisdom and Power of Our Heart Energy, authors: Paul Pearsall, Gary E. Schwartz, Linda G. Russek
Write Great Code: Volume 1: Understanding the Machine, authors: Randall Hyde
Code of the Samurai: A Modern Translation of the Bushido Shoshinshu of Taira Shigesuke, authors: Daidōji Yūzan, Oscar Ratti, Thomas Cleary
Code: And Other Laws of Cyberspace, authors: Lawrence Lessig
Landscape Within: Insights and Inspirations for Photographers, authors: David   Ward, Joe Cornish
Bob Marley - Songs of Freedom, authors: Bob Marley
Such a Good Girl and Other Crime Stories, authors: Ed Gorman, Richard Laymon
Howards End, authors: E.M. Forster, Nadia May
Three Complete Novels: Howards End  A Room with a View  Where Angels Fear to Tread, authors: E.M. Forster, Neil Felshman
Kim, authors: Rudyard Kipling
Kim, authors: Rudyard Kipling, Pankaj Mishra
The Island at the Center of the World: The Epic Story of Dutch Manhattan and the Forgotten Colony That Shaped America, authors: Russell Shorto
The Bard's Tale: Prima's Official Strategy Guide, authors: Craig Keller
The Free Bards (Bardic Voices  #1-3), authors: Mercedes Lackey
Insurgency and Terrorism: From Revolution to Apocalypse, authors: Bard E. O'Neill
Shakespeare's Landlord (Lily Bard  #1), authors: Charlaine Harris
Liturgies of the Western Church, authors: Bard Thompson
Bedlam's Bard (Bedlam Bard  #1-2), authors: Mercedes Lackey, Ellen Guon
Mansfield Park, authors: Jane Austen, James Kinsley, Jane Stabler
Walking the Rez Road, authors: Jim Northrup
Mansfield Park, authors: Jane Austen, Carol Shields
Mansfield Park, authors: Jane Austen
Mansfield Park, authors: Jane Austen
The Mini Zen Gardening Kit, authors: Daniel Abdal-Hayy Moore
The Zen Gardening Kit/Book and Japanese Rock Garden, authors: Daniel Abdal-Hayy Moore
Stalky & Co., authors: Rudyard Kipling
The Mill on the Floss, authors: George Eliot, Carol T. Christ
Zen in Your Garden, authors: Jenny Hendy
Agnes Grey, authors: Anne Brontë, Fred Schwarzbach
The Mad Ship (Liveship Traders  #2), authors: Robin Hobb
Ship of Destiny (Liveship Traders  #3), authors: Robin Hobb
Forest Mage (Soldier Son  #2), authors: Robin Hobb
Assassin's Quest (Farseer Trilogy  #3), authors: Robin Hobb
Der lohfarbene Mann (Die zweiten Chroniken von Fitz  dem Weitseher  #1), authors: Robin Hobb
Disordered Minds, authors: Minette Walters
The Scold's Bridle, authors: Minette Walters
Fox Evil, authors: Minette Walters
The Devil's Feather, authors: Minette Walters
The Breaker, authors: Minette Walters
The Echo, authors: Minette Walters
A Painted House, authors: John Grisham
D is for Dahl: A gloriumptious A-Z guide to the world of Roald Dahl, authors: Wendy Cooling, Quentin Blake, Roald Dahl
The Roald Dahl Audio Collection, authors: Roald Dahl
Step on a Crack (Michael Bennett  #1), authors: James Patterson, Michael Ledwidge
The Railway Children, authors: E. Nesbit
Five Children and It (Five Children #1), authors: E. Nesbit
Five Children and It, authors: E. Nesbit, Gillian Avery
The Enchanted Castle, authors: E. Nesbit, H.R. Millar
Treasure Island #2: Off to Sea (Easy Reader Classics), authors: Catherine Nichols, Sally Wern Comport, Robert Louis Stevenson
A Passage to India: A Reader's Guide to Essential Criticism, authors: Betty Jay
A Passage to India, authors: E.M. Forster, Oliver Stallybrass, Pankaj Mishra
A Passage to India, authors: E.M. Forster
No Name, authors: Wilkie Collins, Virginia Blain
Miss or Mrs?/ The Haunted Hotel/ The Guilty River, authors: Wilkie Collins, Norman Page, Toru Sasaki
The Law and the Lady, authors: Wilkie Collins, David Skilton
The Woman In White, authors: Wilkie Collins
Armadale, authors: Wilkie Collins, Catharine Peters
I Never Promised You a Rose Garden, authors: Hannah  Green, Joanne Greenberg
I Never Promised You a Rose Garden, authors: Hannah  Green, Joanne Greenberg
The Gun Seller, authors: Hugh Laurie
A Quantum Murder (Greg Mandel  #2), authors: Peter F. Hamilton
Judas Unchained (Commonwealth Saga  #2), authors: Peter F. Hamilton
Pandora's Star, authors: Peter F. Hamilton
Mindstar Rising (Greg Mandel  #1), authors: Peter F. Hamilton
The Reality Dysfunction Part 2: Expansion (Night's Dawn 1), authors: Peter F. Hamilton
Anthony Thwaite: In Conversation With Peter Dale and Ian Hamilton, authors: Peter  Dale, Ian          Hamilton, Anthony Thwaite
Doisneau, authors: Peter Hamilton, Robert Doisneau, David    Elliott
Criptonomicón II: El código Pontifex, authors: Neal Stephenson, Pedro Jorge Romero
Quicksilver (The Baroque Cycle  #1), authors: Neal Stephenson
Todo está iluminado, authors: Jonathan Safran Foer
The Portable Walt Whitman, authors: Walt Whitman, Michael Warner
Walt Whitman's America, authors: David S. Reynolds
Walt Whitman: A Life, authors: Justin Kaplan
Walt Whitman: Words for America, authors: Barbara Kerley, Brian Selznick
Love  Hate and Everything in Between: Expressing Emotions in Japanese, authors: Mamiko Murakami, Ernest Reiss
Blind Willow  Sleeping Woman, authors: Haruki Murakami, Jay Rubin, Philip Gabriel
Haruki Murakami and the Music of Words, authors: Jay Rubin
Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World, authors: Haruki Murakami, Alfred Birnbaum
The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle, authors: Haruki Murakami, Jay Rubin
After the Quake, authors: Haruki Murakami, Jay Rubin
Kafka on the Shore, authors: Haruki Murakami, Philip Gabriel
Sputnik Sweetheart, authors: Haruki Murakami, Philip Gabriel
Joseph Cornell: Secrets in a Box (Adventures in Art), authors: Alison Baverstock, Joseph Cornell, Christopher Wynne
Mandala: Luminous Symbols for Healing (with a New CD of Meditations and Exercises!), authors: Judith Cornell, Joan Borysenko, Miron Borysenko
Dime-Store Alchemy: The Art of Joseph Cornell, authors: Charles Simic
Night Has a Thousand Eyes, authors: Cornell Woolrich
Rendezvous in Black, authors: Cornell Woolrich, Richard Dooling
The Nixie's Song (Beyond the Spiderwick Chronicles  #1), authors: Tony DiTerlizzi, Holly Black
When the Darkness Will Not Lift: Doing What We Can While We Wait for God—And Joy, authors: John Piper
Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist, authors: John Piper
Suffering and the Sovereignty of God, authors: John Piper, Justin Taylor, Mark Talbot, David A. Powlison, Steve Saint, Dustin Shramek, Carl Ellis
When I Don't Desire God: How to Fight for Joy, authors: John Piper
The Legacy of Sovereign Joy: God's Triumphant Grace in the Lives of Augustine  Luther  and Calvin (The Swans Are Not Silent  #1), authors: John Piper
The Hidden Smile of God: The Fruit of Affliction in the Lives of John Bunyan  William Cowper  and David Brainerd (The Swans Are Not Silent  #2), authors: John Piper
The Passion of Jesus Christ, authors: John Piper
Arthur & George, authors: Julian Barnes
Wartime Lies, authors: Louis Begley
Schmidt Delivered (Schmidt  #2), authors: Louis Begley
The Brave Women of the Gulf Wars: Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom, authors: Karen Zeinert, Mary Miller
The Classic Ten: The True Story of the Little Black Dress and Nine Other Fashion Favorites, authors: Nancy MacDonell Smith, Nancy MacDonell
The Locked Room (The New York Trilogy  #3), authors: Paul Auster
The Home Front, authors: Brian Braithwaite, Noelle Walsh, Glyn Davies
Half Moon Investigations, authors: Eoin Colfer
The Supernaturalist, authors: Eoin Colfer
The Wish List, authors: Eoin Colfer
Legend of the Worst Boy in the World, authors: Eoin Colfer, Glenn McCoy
The Legend of Spud Murphy, authors: Eoin Colfer, Glenn McCoy
La venganza de Opal (Artemis Fowl  #4), authors: Eoin Colfer, Ana Alcaina
Going Potty, authors: Eoin Colfer
Artemis Fowl (Artemis Fowl  #1), authors: Eoin Colfer, Claudia Feldmann
La última oportunidad, authors: Eoin Colfer
Artemis Fowl (Artemis Fowl  #1), authors: Eoin Colfer, Ana Alcaina
La venganza de opal (Artemis Fowl  #4), authors: Eoin Colfer
Encuentro en el Ártico (Artemis Fowl  #2), authors: Eoin Colfer, Ana Alcaina Pérez
Artemis Fowl (Artemis Fowl  #1), authors: Eoin Colfer, Nathaniel Parker
Treasury of American Tall Tales: Volume 1: Davy Crockett  Rip Van Winkle  Johnny Appleseed  Paul Bunyan (Rabbit Ears), authors: David Bromberg, Jay Ungar, Molly Mason, Garrison Keillor, Mark O'Connor, Jonathan Winters, Duck Baker, Washington Irving, Anjelica Huston, Nicolas Cage, Leo Kottke
The Subtle Knife (His Dark Materials  #2), authors: Philip Pullman, Ian Beck
The Amber Spyglass (His Dark Materials  #3), authors: Philip Pullman, Ian Beck
The Subtle Knife (His Dark Materials  #2), authors: Philip Pullman
His Dark Materials (His Dark Materials  #1-3), authors: Philip Pullman
El catalejo lacado (La Materia Oscura  #3), authors: Philip Pullman
His Dark Materials Omnibus (His Dark Materials), authors: Philip Pullman
Northern Lights (His Dark Materials  #1), authors: Philip Pullman
El alquimista: una fábula para seguir tus sueños, authors: Paulo Coelho, Juan Godó Costa
La conspiración de los alquimistas, authors: Hania Czajkowski
El Alquimista: Edicion Illustrada: Edicion Illustrada, authors: Paulo Coelho
The Call of the Mall: How we shop, authors: Paco Underhill
Die Broke: A Radical Four-Part Financial Plan, authors: Stephen M. Pollan, Mark LeVine
Live Rich  Die Broke, authors: Stephen M. Pollan
The Die Broke Financial Problem Solver, authors: Stephen M. Pollan, Mark LeVine
Montaillou: The Promised Land of Error, authors: Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Barbara Bray
Montaillou: Cathars and Catholics in a French Village 1294-1324, authors: Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Barbara Bray
Montaillou  village occitan de 1294 à 1324, authors: Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Emmanuel Le Roy-Ladurie
Montaillou: Cathars and Catholics in a French Village  1294-1324, authors: Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Barbara Bray
On the Road, authors: Jack Kerouac, Ann Charters
Undaunted Courage: The Pioneering First Mission to Explore America's Wild Frontier, authors: Stephen E. Ambrose
Undaunted Courage, authors: Stephen E. Ambrose, Barrett Whitener
Co. Aytch: A Confederate Memoir of the Civil War, authors: Sam R. Watkins
Jonny Reb & Billy Yank, authors: Alexander Hunter
El Superzorro, authors: Roald Dahl, Horacio Elena
Fantastic Mr Fox, authors: David Wood, Roald Dahl
Fantastic Mr. Fox (Cover to Cover), authors: Roald Dahl
Ajax in Action, authors: Dave Crane, Eric Pascarello, Darren James
Historia del rey transparente, authors: Rosa Montero
Bella y oscura, authors: Rosa Montero
La tía Julia y el escribidor, authors: Mario Vargas Llosa
La Tía Julia y el Escribidor, authors: Mario Vargas Llosa
Narraciones Extraordinarias, authors: Edgar Allan Poe
Las Crónicas de Narnia, authors: C.S. Lewis, Margarita E. Valdes, Gemma Gallart, Pauline Baynes
O Trono de Prata (As Crónicas de Nárnia  #6), authors: C.S. Lewis, Ana Falcão Bastos
A Última Batalha (As Crónicas de Nárnia  #7), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes, Ana Falcão Bastos
O Cavalo e o Seu Rapaz (As Crónicas de Nárnia  #3), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes, Ana Falcão Bastos
O Sobrinho do Mágico (As Crónicas de Nárnia  #1), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes, Ana Falcão Bastos
A Viagem do Caminheiro da Alvorada (As Crónicas de Nárnia  #5), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes, Ana Falcão Bastos
O Príncipe Caspian (As Crónicas de Nárnia  #4), authors: C.S. Lewis, Pauline Baynes, Ana Falcão Bastos
Whores for Gloria, authors: William T. Vollmann
Expelled from Eden: A William T. Vollmann Reader, authors: William T. Vollmann, Larry McCaffery, Michael Hemmingson
You Bright and Risen Angels, authors: William T. Vollmann
The Ice-Shirt (Seven Dreams #1), authors: William T. Vollmann
Poor People, authors: William T. Vollmann
Las aventuras de Tom Sawyer, authors: Mark Twain
